SWARNA RAMANATHAN | JLR Media Newsroom

来源: https://media.jaguarlandrover.com/person/swarna-ramanathan

Swarna joined JLR on 04 November 2024 as Chief Strategy Officer, JLR.

Swarna leads JLR’s Strategy Creation, Innovation, Strategic Foresights, Alliances & Collaborations and Product & Customer Experience Strategy teams and leads the design of JLR’s strategy as the business transforms to be a global modern luxury automotive leader.

Swarna has 20 years’ growth strategy development and implementation experience, working across the automotive, consumer and energy sectors and she joined JLR from McKinsey & Company where she was a Partner and leader in McKinsey’s Centre for Future Mobility.

Swarna’s experience at McKinsey & Company encompassed a range of areas from corporate strategy, transformations and implementation, new product development and innovation, operations transformations in procurement and supply chain and new business building. She led McKinsey’s European practice on Mobility Retail, bringing the latest perspectives on how changes in the mobility sector are influencing automotive OEMs, fuel retailers, and thought leadership on how the EV charging landscape is evolving.

Swarna is Executive Co‑Sponsor for Diversity, Equity & Inclusion at JLR, and is an active coach and mentor supporting colleagues on their career journeys. With the strong belief that each women’s success should be the inspiration of another, Swarna has led leading several initiatives to help women advance in their professional careers.

Swarna has a wealth of experience across various industries and is a passionate advocate for diversity in the automotive sector. She is widely recognised as a caring and influential leader and is committed to driving meaningful change – particularly in ensuring diverse representation at the highest levels of leadership.

She is an MBA‑graduate from INSEAD, France and obtained her Mechanical Engineering qualification in India. She speaks English, German, Tamil, Hindi and Telugu.

----------------------------------------
Generated by Clearly Reader (clearlyreader.com)