Bulletin Number: 15-318-24R;  Revised: 02/21/25          Page 1 of 13
SERVICE BULLETIN
Continued...CAUTION: VEHICLE SERVICING PERFORMED BY UNTRAINED PERSONS COULD 
RESULT IN SERIOUS INJURY TO THOSE PERSONS OR TO OTHERS.
Subaru Service Bulletins are intended for use by professional technicians ONLY . They 
are written to inform those technicians of conditions that may occur in some vehicles, 
or to provide information that could assist in the proper servicing of the vehicle. Properly 
trained technicians have the equipment, tools, safety instructions, and know-how to 
do the job correctly and safely. If a condition is described, DO NOT assume that this 
Service Bulletin applies to your vehicle, or that your vehicle will have that condition.Subaru of America, Inc. is  
ISO 14001 Compliant
ISO 14001 is the international standard for 
excellence in Environmental Management 
Systems. Please recycle or dispose of 
automotive products in a manner that is friendly 
to our environment and in accordance with all 
local, state and federal laws and regulations. NUMBER: 15-318-24R
 DATE:  02/23/24
 REVISED:  02/21/25APPLICABILITY: 2019MY Legacy & Outback 
  2019-21MY WRX/STI 
 SUBJECT: Data Communication Module (DCM) Bypass Box 
INTRODUCTION:
This bulletin announces the Warranty Extension  for the Data Communication Module (DCM) up to 8 
years (96 months) or 150,000 miles (whichever comes first) to address a dead battery  resulting from 
excessive dark current draw caused by the DCM, due to internal memory corruption.  Effective from 
the date of customer notification, ALL affected vehicles, regardless of mileage or Warranty Start Date 
will be covered for a period of one (1) year.
The DCM Bypass Box was designed to be used as an alternative replacement part for DCM in 
vehicles with no active STARLINK subscription in place of the DCM until sufficient replacement 
DCM inventory was available. As of 02/04/25, replacement DCM inventory is sufficient; therefore, 
they are to be replaced for customers experiencing a qualifying concern. The bypass box installation 
will no longer be a repair measure which would be covered under the terms of this Warranty 
Extension.
• This extension will cover the replacement of the DCM for vehicles with an “Active” and 
“Unsubscribed” STARLINK subscription if the DCM is confirmed to be the cause of the 
excessive dark current draw.
• The extension will also cover the testing, recharging/replacement of the battery if the DCM is 
found to be the root cause of the excessive dark current draw. Battery test code is required for 
the claim entry. 
• Previously, for “Unsubscribed” vehicles, without a STARLINK subscription, with a confirmed 
excessive dark current draw from the DCM, this extension covered the installation of a DCM 
bypass box due to low DCM inventory. DCM inventory has become sufficient and bypass box 
installation is not longer required.
• Customers who previously received the bypass box now have the option to request a 
replacement DCM . The new replacement DCM’s are available and will replace the previously 
installed bypass box. The Warranty Extension will cover the removal of the bypass box and 
installation of  a new DCM. This request would have been documented with a Subaru retailer 
at the time of the initial repair.ATTENTION:
GENERAL MANAGER q
PARTS MANAGER q
CLAIMS PERSONNEL q
SERVICE MANAGER qIMPORTANT - All 
Service Personnel 
Should Read and 
Initial in the boxes 
provided, right.
© 2023 Subaru of America, Inc.  All rights reserved. 
Bulletin Number: 15-318-24R;  Revised: 02/21/25          Page 2 of 13
Continued...• All inspections and repairs must be completed prior to the expiration of this Warranty 
extension.
• Customers who have paid for DCM or DCM bypass box replacement prior to the release of 
this extension are eligible for reimbursement. Details of reimbursement procedure is provided 
in the customer letter which is added to the end of this bulletin. 
PART INFORMATION:
Model Part Description Part Number
LEGACY & OUTBACK TELEMATICS UNIT86229AL10A 86229AL11A
86229AL10B 86229AL11B
86229AL10C 86229AL11C
WRX TELEMATICS UNIT86229VA100 86229VA110
86229VA101 86229VA111
IMPORTANT: The DCM is NOT supplied with the backup battery. The DCM bypass box (p.n. 
86229Al400) is a returnable part. 
CONFIRMING SUBSCRIPTION STATUS USING SNET VEHICLE INQUIRY:
1. Enter the subject Vehicle Identification Number (VIN) into the VIN search box and click the 
search button. 
2. Select the Connected Vehicle Subscriptions drop down. 

Bulletin Number: 15-318-24R;  Revised: 02/21/25          Page 3 of 13
Continued...3. If the status reads “ Active,” the vehicle has an active STARLINK subscription and if the status 
reads “Inactive,” the vehicle does not have an active STARLINK subscription.  
CONFIRMING SUBSCRIPTION STATUS USING SUBARU SELECT MONITOR:
4. Connect the applicable Subaru Select Monitor (SSM) to the vehicle. Read the Subscription status 
of the DCM located in the “Work Support” 
menus. If the status reads “Subscribed,’  
the vehicle has an active STARLINK 
subscription and if the status reads 
“Unsubscribed,” the vehicle does not  
have a active STARLINK subscription. 
LEGACY & OUTBACK DCM REMOV AL PROCEDURE / INFORMATION:
IMPORTANT: This procedure is for vehicles without any active STARLINK subscription. ALWAYS 
confirm the STARLINK subscription status prior to performing the procedures outlined below. 
STEP 1: Refer to the applicable Service Manual and review: General Description > Repair Contents 
> Action required before & after Battery Disconnect . Additionally, record any stored seat position(s) 
before proceeding. Relearn any seat position memory after work is complete. If the power rear gate 
(PRG) height has been customized, that position must also be noted and relearned. 
STEP 2: CAREFULLY disconnect the battery sensor  
from the negative ground terminal and wait at least 60 
seconds before continuing. 
STEP 3: Remove the Center Grille Assembly.
A. Release the clips and claws.
B. Disconnect the connector and remove the 
Grille Assembly.  
C. Disconnect and remove the hazard switch. 

Bulletin Number: 15-318-24R;  Revised: 02/21/25          Page 4 of 13
Continued...STEP 4: Remove the Heater Control Assembly.
A. Release the clips and claws. 
B. Remove the panel.
C. Remove the mounting screws.
D. Detach the heater control assembly.  
CAUTION: A flat head screwdriver with protective 
tape can be used as shown in the right image. Use 
special care to not damage the heater control assembly. 
 
STEP 5: Remove the audio assembly. 
A. Remove the mounting screws. 
B. Release the mounting clips. 
C. Disconnect all electrical connections. 
D. The audio assembly can then be 
removed. 
STEP 6: Remove the DCM.
A. CAREFULLY remove the bracket 
mounting screws. 
B. Remove the DCM and the backup module 
assembly together. 
CAUTION : Be mindful to not cause any damage to  
the mounting screws during removal. The mounting 
screws are to be reused.  
STEP 7: Install the new DCM and reinstall all parts in 
the reverse order of disassembly.

Bulletin Number: 15-318-24R;  Revised: 02/21/25          Page 5 of 13
Continued...WRX DCM REMOV AL PROCEDURE / INFORMATION:
IMPORTANT: This procedure is for vehicles without any active STARLINK subscription. ALWAYS 
confirm the STARLINK subscription status prior to performing the procedures outlined below. 
STEP 1: Refer to the applicable Service Manual and review: General Description > Repair Contents 
> Action required before & after Battery Disconnect . Additionally, record any stored seat position(s) 
before proceeding. Relearn any seat position memory after work is complete. If the power rear gate 
(PRG) height has been customized, that position must also be noted and relearned. 
STEP 2: CAREFULLY disconnect the battery sensor from  
the negative ground terminal and wait at least 60 seconds 
before continuing. 
STEP 3: Using a plastic trim tool, remove the left side 
instrument panel cover . 
STEP 4: Remove the left inner and outer lower instrument panels. 
A. Remove the mounting screws.
B. Release the mounting clips and 
claws. 
C. Pull both panels toward the rear  
of the vehicle. 
D. Disconnect all electrical 
connections. 
CAUTION:  ALWAYS pull the panels toward the rear of the vehicle . Pulling in an upward or 
downward direction may cause damage to the mounting claws. 

Bulletin Number: 15-318-24R;  Revised: 02/21/25          Page 6 of 13
Continued...STEP 5: Remove the knee airbag module.
A. Remove the mounting nuts.
B. CAREFULLY disconnect the 
electrical connection. 
STEP 6: Remove the glove box assembly. 
A. Apply protective tape to the lower 
center panel section shown as (a) in  
the right image. 
B. Disconnect the damper from the glove 
box. 
C. Release the stoppers and pull the glove 
box toward the rear of the vehicle. 
STEP 7: Remove the glove box backing panel.  
A. Using a plastic trim tool, remove the 
right side instrument panel cover.
B. Release the clips and removed the 
instrument panel ornamental trim. 
TIP: The instrument panel ornamental trim can be 
removed by applying pressure from the backside. 
C. Remove the glove box LED and 
disconnect the electrical connection. 
D. Removed the mounting screws. 
E. Release the claws and harness clamp.  
F. The glove box backing panel can then 
be removed. 
STEP 8: Remove the center grille assembly.
A. Apply protective tape to the instrument 
panel section shown as (a) in the right 
image. 
B. Release the claw using a plastic trim tool 
or a clip removal to with protective tape 
applied to the contact area. 
C. Disconnect the electrical connector and 
remove the center grille assembly. 

Bulletin Number: 15-318-24R;  Revised: 02/21/25          Page 7 of 13
Continued...STEP 9: Remove the audio assembly.
A. Apply protective tape the center storage area section indicated as (a) in the lower right 
image. 
B. Remove the mounting screws and bolts. 
C. Release the mounting claws and partially remove the audio assembly to gain access to 
the electrical connections. 
CAUTION:  If the antenna cable interferes with 
the removal side mounting bolts, move the antenna 
cable before attempting to remove the bolts. 
D. Disconnect the electrical connectors 
and remove the audio assembly. 
STEP 10: Remove the DCM.
A. CAREFULLY remove the bracket mounting 
screws. 
B. Remove the DCM and the backup module 
assembly together. 
CAUTION : Be mindful to not cause any damage to the 
mounting screws during removal. The mounting screws 
are to be reused.  
STEP 11: Install the new DCM and reinstall all parts in 
the reverse order of disassembly.
DCM BYPASS BOX REMOV AL:
NOTE: DCM Reconnection is not part of the DCM bypass box placement procedure and needs to be 
performed ONLY if the customer with a DCM bypass box installed decides to subscribe to telematics 
services at some point in future. 
In a case when STARLINK is to be re-subscribed for a vehicle with a DCM Bypass Box installed, the 
following procedure is required.
STEP 1: Disconnect the ground terminal from the battery sensor. 
STEP 2: Remove the center grille assembly.
STEP 3: Remove the heater control assembly.

Bulletin Number: 15-318-24R;  Revised: 02/21/25          Page 8 of 13
Continued...STEP 4: Remove the audio assembly. 
A. Remove the screws and release the clip.
B. Disconnect the connector and remove the audio assembly.
C. Cut the microphone power wire (color: red) at the end of connector i87 pin #4.
D. Bundle the cut red wire for the microphone into the vehicle harness so the cut end is 
covered.
E. Remove the tape from the three bundled antenna connectors.

Bulletin Number: 15-318-24R;  Revised: 02/21/25          Page 9 of 13
Continued...STEP 5: Remove the DCM Bypass Box.
A. CAREFULLY remove the mounting screws.
B. Remove the DCM Bypass Box.
STEP 6: Install the DCM.
A. Install the backup battery.
B. Install the DCM.
C. Install the audio assembly or navigation assembly.
D. Install the heater control assembly.
E. Install the center grille assembly.
F. Connect the ground terminal to battery sensor. Refer to STIS: REPAIR CONTENTS > 
NOTE > BATTERY .
G. Perform the registration procedure if the DCM is replaced with a new part. Refer to 
STIS: ENTERTAINMENT & MONITORING > Telematics System > OPERATION
H. Check the LED lighting condition of the Telematics button. Refer to STIS: 
TELEMATICS SYSTEM > (DIAGNOSTICS) > Check List for Interview > CHECK > 
LED ILLUMINATION STATUS LIST
WARRANTY / CLAIM INFORMATION:  
The Warranty Extension for the Data Communication Module is extended from the original Warranty 
term of 3 years (36 months) or 36,000 miles to 8 years (96 months) or 150,000 miles (whichever 
comes first).
Original Warranty Warranty Extension
3 Years / 36K Miles 8 Years / 150K Miles
Labor Description Labor Operation # Labor Time Fail Code
WARRANTY EXTENSION – TEST AND REPLACE TELEMATICS UNIT B067-086 .9
Z VV-43BATTERY TEST & REPLACEMENT* C800-203 .4
OR
BATTERY TEST & CHARGE - NO REPLACEMENT C800-223 .3
*Battery test code is required for claim entry
Bulletin Number: 15-318-24R;  Revised: 02/21/25          Page 10 of 13
Continued...IMPORTANT REMINDERS:
• SOA strongly discourages the printing and/or local storage of service information as previously 
released information and electronic publications may be updated at any time.
• Always check for any open recalls or campaigns anytime a vehicle is in for servicing.
• Always refer to STIS for the latest service information before performing any repairs.
Bulletin Number: 15-318-24R;  Revised: 02/21/25          Page 11 of 13
Continued...Important Notice:
Warranty Extension for the Telematics Data Communications Module (DCM) for certain 
2019 MY Legacy, Outback Vehicles
2019-2021 MY WRX/STI Vehicles
Dear Subaru Owner:
As part of Subaru of America’s dedication to customer satisfaction, Subaru of America, Inc. (SOA) 
is announcing a Warranty Extension for the DCM on certain 2019 MY Legacy, Outback vehicles and 
2019-2021 MY WRX/STI vehicles sold or leased in the United States.
Affected vehicles are equipped with a DCM and may experience a dead battery resulting from the 
DCM continually trying to access the cellular network due to deterioration of the internal memory. 
Please note that this is not a safety recall , and it does not impact the safety of your vehicle. 
If your vehicle is operating as expected, you do not need to take your vehicle to a Subaru retailer for 
repairs.  
NOTE: No action is required by you to receive the benefit of this warranty extension. The 
extension has been automatically applied to your vehicle. 
DCM WARRANTY EXTENSION COVERAGE
This extension will cover the costs to install a bypass box for vehicles that are not subscribed to 
STARLINK telematics or to replace the DCM for vehicles with an active STARLINK subscription.  
This addresses a potential excessive battery drain if it was determined the DCM was the cause of the 
dead battery.  It also covers the cost of a recharge or replacement of the 12V battery resulting from 
the DCM failure.  
The coverage period extends the Warranty as it applies to the DCM to eight (8) years / one hundred 
fifty thousand (150,000) miles, whichever comes first from the vehicle Warranty Start Date.
• This extension will cover the replacement of the DCM for vehicles with an “Active” 
STARLINK subscription if the DCM is confirmed to be the cause of the excessive dark 
current draw.
• For “Unsubscribed” vehicles, without a STARLINK subscription, with a confirmed excessive 
dark current draw from the DCM, this extension will cover the installation of a DCM bypass 
box.
• Customers who received the bypass box have the option to request a replacement DCM once 
new DCM inventory is available, which is estimated as September 2025. This extension 
will cover removal of the bypass box and installation of a new DCM. This request must be 
documented with a Subaru retailer at the time of the initial repair . 

Bulletin Number: 15-318-24R;  Revised: 02/21/25          Page 12 of 13
Continued...• Inspections or repairs under this coverage must be completed prior to the expiration of the 
eight-year (8) period, or before one hundred fifty thousand (150,000) miles, whichever comes 
first from the vehicle Warranty Start Date.
• Effective from the date of customer notification, ALL affected vehicles, regardless of mileage 
or Warranty Start Date will be covered for a period of one (1) year.
• All inspections and repairs must be completed prior to the expiration of this Warranty 
extension.
If you have questions about this notice, please contact the DCM Warranty Extension Hotline at 
877-551-7149.  Additional information can be found online at: subaruclaims.autosolutionteam.
com.
REIMBURSEMENT ELIGIBILITY 
• You may be eligible for reimbursement if you paid to have your vehicle’s DCM replaced 
to address a dead battery after the expiration of the original New Vehicle Limited Warranty 
period, but before this announcement of this newly extended warranty period of eight (8) 
years/one hundred fifty thousand (150,000) miles. 
• You must have paid an out-of-pocket expense for a repair that would have been covered had it 
occurred during the warranty coverage period. This includes any deductible expense or partial 
reimbursement for repairs. 
• If you have been previously reimbursed by SOA or one of its retailers for partial coverage of 
this repair, only the portion that has not been reimbursed is eligible for reimbursement. 
• You are not eligible to recover any repair costs previously reimbursed or paid for by any third- 
party, including Subaru Added Security, other extended warranty providers, or an authorized 
Subaru retailer.
• The period of the reimbursement shall be one (1) year from the customer notification of this 
warranty extension.
TO APPLY FOR REIMBURSEMENT 
Please complete the claim form online at subaruclaims.autosolutionteam.com and attach the required 
documentation listed below: 
• Attach a copy of the receipt or invoice for the repair. A copy of the repair invoice or work 
order showing repair will meet this requirement. The invoice must show your vehicle model, 
vehicle identification number (VIN), the name and address of the facility that completed the 
repair, the cost of the repair (parts and labor), and the date the work was completed. 
• Attach proof of payment, such as a copy of the canceled check, bank statement, cash receipt, 
or credit card receipt showing what you paid for the repair. 
Bulletin Number: 15-318-24R;  Revised: 02/21/25          Page 13 of 13
If you prefer to apply for reimbursement by mail, please send copies of the required documentation 
listed above to: 
Subaru of America Inc.
DCM Warranty Extension
2670 Executive Drive
Indianapolis, IN 46261
Please allow 45 days for the reimbursement to be processed. Failure to include proper documentation 
may delay your reimbursement. 
Sincerely, 
Subaru of America, Inc.