Technical Service Bulletin (TSB)
Radio USB update to U33.43
REFERENCE: TSB:  08-033-25
GROUP:  08 - ElectricalDate: February 13, 2025 REVISION: –
VEHICLES
AFFECTED:2024 (JL) Jeep Wrangler
2024 (JT) Jeep Gladiator
This bulletin applies to vehicles built on and before September 25,
2024 (MDH 0924XX) equipped with one of the following radios:
●Uconnect 5 Nav W 12.3" Display (USA) (Sales Code UBX).
●Uconnect 5 Nav W 12.3" Display (MEX) (Sales Code UFX).
●Uconnect 5 W/ 12.3" Display (USA) (Sales Code UBP).
●Uconnect 5 W/ 12.3" Display (MEX) (Sales Code UFP).MARKET APPLICABILITY:
NA
SA
EEMEA
IAP
CH
CUSTOMER
SYMPTOM:Customers may experience one or more of the following:
●Unable to select the Turn by Turn Navigation.
●Blank Performance Pages (Rearview Camera (RVC) Functions Normally) .
●Android Auto® Voice Recognition (VR) inoperative.
●Media tuner delayed.
●Charge Schedule not accepting updates via phone (RVC Functions Normally) .
●Ambient light inoperative.
●Map in Instrument Panel Cluster (IPC) inoperative.
●Media Widget blank.
●Navigation map black.
●Off-Road Pages inoperative (RVC Functions Normally) .
●VR inoperative.
●Incorrect song title displayed (Carplay® only) .
●Radio display switches from Media Page to Home Page (RVC Functions Normally) .
●Ghost touch on Navigation screen (RVC Functions Normally) .
●Widgets missing.
●New User Profile does not load.
●Returns to wrong page after View Camera Event selected by customer in the Camera View Pages (RVC
Functions Normally) .
Other Software Improvements:
●Assist application performance improvements
CAUSE: Software improvements
REPAIR SUMMARY:
This bulletin involves inspecting and if required, updating the radio software level to U33.43. Depending on the
radio’s current software level the radio may need a one or two USB update.
CLAIMS DATA:
Labor Operation No: Labor Description Skill Category Labor Time
18-60-F2-BN Radio, Software - Create
USB Jump Drive from
Uconnect Website for
U29.44 s/w (One Time
Only)
(0 - Introduction)6 - Electrical and Body
Systems1.0 Hrs.
18-60-F2-BP Radio, Software - Create
USB Jump Drive from
Uconnect Website for
U33.43 s/w (One Time
Only)
(0 - Introduction)6 - Electrical and Body
Systems0.3 Hrs.
18-60-F2-BQ Radio, Check Software
Level and Perform
Software Update (ONE
STEP)  U33.43 s/w
(0 - Introduction)6 - Electrical and Body
Systems0.5 Hrs.
18-60-F2-BR Radio, Check Software
Level and Perform
Software Update (TWO
STEP)  U29.44 and
U33.43 s/w
(0 - Introduction)6 - Electrical and Body
Systems1.4 Hrs.
Failure Code CC Customer Concern
The dealer must use failure code CC with this Technical Service Bulletin.
● If the customer’s concern matches the SYMPTOM identified in the Technical Service Bulletin, failure code
CC is to be used.
● When utilizing this failure code, the 3C’s (customer’s concern, cause and correction) must be provided for
processing Technical Service Bulletin flash/reprogramming conditions.
DIAGNOSIS:
Using a Scan Tool (wiTECH) with the appropriate Diagnostic Procedures available in DealerCONNECT/
Service Library, verify all related systems are functioning as designed. If Diagnostic Trouble Codes (DTCs) or
symptom conditions, other than the ones listed above are present, record the issues on the repair order and
repair as necessary before proceeding further with this bulletin.
If the customer describes any of the symptoms listed above in the customer symptom section, perform the
Repair Procedure.B08 FSAR-TSB-4614 -2-
SPECIAL TOOLS/EQUIPMENT:
Description Ref. No. Notes
wiTECH or Equivalent – –
REPAIR PROCEDURE:
NOTE: ● A 20GB USB flash drive formatted as NTFS is required for U29.44.
● A 4GB USB flash drive formatted as FAT32 is required for U33.43.
It is also recommended to use a quality, name brand (Kingston®) flash drive over a generic
USB flash drive.
1. Check radio software version. Go to “Vehicle Settings” then select "System Information” and look for
“Radio Version”.
2. What is the radio software level (Application Version) at?
● U33.43 or higher >>> The radio software is already up to date. Normal diagnostics should be
performed.
● At or above U29.44  and under U33.43  >>> The radio will only need one USB flash drive to update the
radio. Create a USB flash drive with U33.43 software. Proceed to Step 3 .
● At or Below 29.42 >>> The radio will need two USB flash drives to update the radio. Create two USB
flash drives with U29.44 and U33.43 software. Proceed to Step 3 .
3. Have one or two USB flash drives been created?
● YES>>> Proceed to Step 12 .
● NO>>> Proceed to Step 4 .
NOTE: If the software cannot be downloaded, make sure you have proper security access. If not,
have the Service Manager or Shop Foreman download the software update.
4. Go to DealerCONNECT>Service>Uconnect Command Center>Uconnect>More Information >Dealer
software downloads to download the files.
NOTE: If a 2-step update is required, please always download and flash the U29.44 software first.
After U29.44 is installed successfully, flash U33.43 software
5. Use a blank USB flash drive with at least 4GB of space and formatted to FAT32  for the U33.43  update.
Use a blank USB flash drive with at least 20GB  of space and formatted to NTFS  for the U29.44  update.
Follow the on-screen instructions to download the software files.
NOTE: When downloading the software file from the Uconnect site, always select the MAC version,
regardless of the computer being used.-3- B08 FSAR-TSB-4614
6. Download the software update file to your local PC's desktop. Make sure to select the “MAC” radial button
for all downloads Fig. 1 .
Fig. 1
MAC Download Steps
7. Perform the following steps to format the USB flash drive.
a. Select “FAT32 or "NTFS"” format.
b. Select “Default allocation size” under Allocation Unit Size.
c. Select “Quick Format” under Format Options.
d. Click “Start”.
8. Be sure to download the file to your designated folder before transferring the zip file to the blank USB flash
drive.
NOTE: A blank USB flash drive will be needed for each radio update, additional updates cannot be
on the same USB flash drive.
9. Download the radio SW from the desktop to a blank USB flash drive. Use a blank USB flash drive with
at least 4GB or 20GB  of space and formatted to FAT32  or NTFS . Follow the on-screen instructions to
download the software files.
10. Do not unzip the folder/file and move all contents to the root directory of the USB.
11. There should only be one file on the USB root directory labeled as a zip folder.
NOTE: Once the USB flash drive have been created, it is recommended to label the USB flash drive
with the bulletin number and proper radio Sales Codes.
12. Start the vehicle and insert the correct USB flash drive with new software into the USB port.
NOTE: Engine should be running the entire time the radio is flashed.
NOTE: The software update screen may take up to a minute before it is displayed. If the update
screen isn’t displayed, cycle the ignition to “Off” then “Run” .B08 FSAR-TSB-4614 -4-
13. Press Update Now Fig. 2 .
Fig. 2
Software Update Screen
14. Press Continue Fig. 3 .
Fig. 3
Timer Screen
15. Wait for software update to complete 100% Fig. 4 .
Fig. 4
Progress Screen-5- B08 FSAR-TSB-4614
Installing System Update
NOTE: System update process takes approximately five minutes. Wait until radio restarts and Home
screen is displayed Fig. 5 , Fig. 6 .
Fig. 5
Software Update Installing
Fig. 6
Software Update Complete
NOTE: Flash time will take ~30 minutes to one hour.
NOTE: Vehicle should be running the entire time.
NOTE: Sometimes the radio throws an error pop up "Switch-Invalid_Binary" after successful radio
update. Please ignore this error and click ok Fig. 7 .
Fig. 7
Switch-Invalid_Binary Error
1. What was the radio software level after this update?
●U33.43 >>> The radio download has been completed. Proceed to Step 2  of the Installing System Update
section.
●U29.44 >>> The next phase of the radio update needs to be performed. Proceed to Step 12  of the
Repair Procedure.B08 FSAR-TSB-4614 -6-
NOTE: A message stating: "Update Failed, an error occured during the update procedure" may
appear. If this occurs, verify that the software level has been updated.
2. Go to Vehicle Setting -> Reset -> Perform Factory Reset. Once Factory Reset is completed, allow sleep
cycle for approximately five minutes.
3. Using wiTECH, clear all DTCs that may have been set in any module due to reprogramming.
4. After Factory Reset is completed, allow a sleep cycle for five minutes.
5. Follow the Radio flashing procedure as outlined in the attached document "System_Software Flash
Process R1 Radio.docx".
NOTE: Suggest to customer to repeat the wireless device pairing again after deleting the existing
pairing from the phone.
POLICY:
Reimbursable within the provisions of the warranty.
This bulletin is supplied as technical information only and is not an authorization for repair. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or
transmitted, in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, or otherwise, without written permission of FCA US LLC.-7- B08 FSAR-TSB-4614