Hyunda i Moto r America
P.O. Box 2 704
Huntington Beach, CA 92647
Dear <First Name> <Last Name>:
Certain 2014 – 2015 model year Tucson vehicles may have a weakened weld at the zone where the center muffler is attached to 
the exhaust pipe. This condition may cause the center muffler to detach from the exhaust pipe. At Hyundai, we are committed 
to providing vehicles of outstanding quality and value. In an effort to meet this commitment, Hyundai is extending the 
warranty coverage for the center muffler assembly under this condition to 15 years/ 150,000 miles from the date of original 
retail delivery or date of first use and is valid for original and subsequent owners. 
Our records indicate that your vehicle, with the VIN listed above, is covered by this warranty extension.
What should you do?
 •  Tear off the bottom portion of this letter along the perforation and place it in your Owner’s Warranty and 
Maintenance Guide booklet for future reference.
 •  If your vehicle exhibits a problem related to the condition during the extended warranty period, contact your 
Hyundai dealer to have your vehicle inspected. Otherwise, no further action is required at this time.
We thank you for your purchase of your vehicle and hope for your continued satisfaction as a Hyundai owner.
Hyundai Motor America
Please tear off the bottom portion of this letter and place in your Owner’s Warranty and Maintenance Guide
Warranty Extension
The warranty coverage for the center muffler assembly has been extended to 15 years / 150,000 miles from the date of original 
retail delivery or date of first use and is valid for original and subsequent owners.
Place this portion of the letter in your vehicle’s glove compartment for future ease of reference regarding the warranty 
extension on the center muffler assembly, preferably together with your vehicle’s other warranty information. If the need 
arises to seek service regarding the center muffler assembly, contact your local Hyundai dealer.VIN: XXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXHyundai Extended Warranty Reference: TXXZ
www.hyundaiusa.com/TXXZ
EXTENDED WARRANTY NOTIFICATION
This notice applies to your [Model Year] Hyundai Tucson vehicle, VIN: XXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXHyundai Extended Warranty Reference: TXXZ
www.hyundaiusa.com/TXXZ
No longer own this vehicle?
You received this notification because U.S. federal regulations require automotive manufacturers to notify last known owners 
of vehicles based on current owner records. Our records are based primarily on state registration and title data, which 
indicate that you are the current owner. 
If you no longer own this vehicle, and have an address for the current owner, please forward this letter to the new owner.Hyunda i Moto r America
P.O. Box 2 704
Huntington Beach, CA 92647Hyundai Extended Warranty Reference: TXXZ