   
TECHNICAL SERVICE BULLETIN
Unintended Deceleration Without A Vehicle In Front When Using Adaptive
Cruise Control Or BlueCruise25-2040
12 February
2025
Model:
Ford
2021-2024 Mustang Mach-E
Markets: Canada, USA
Issue: Some of the vehicles listed in the Model statement above may exhibit an unintended deceleration without a
vehicle in front when using ACC or BlueCruise. This may be due to the front bumper affecting both corner radar
sensor signals.
Action: For vehicles that meet all of the criteria in the Issue and Model statements, follow the Service Procedure to
install aluminum foil tape to cover/close off the open ends of the front bumper.
Parts
Service Part NumberClaim QuantityPackage Order QuantityDescription
Obtain Locally As Needed As Needed Aluminum Foil Tape
Obtain Locally As Needed As Needed Alcohol Wipes
Claim Quantity refers to the total number of individual pieces required to repair the vehicle.
Package Order Quantity refers to the amount of the service part number package(s) required to repair the vehicle.
As Needed indicates the part is necessary but amount of the part may vary and/or is not a whole number. Parts can
be billed out as non-whole numbers, including less than 1.
Special Tool(s)
General Equipment - Interior Trim Remover
Warranty Status: Eligible under provisions of New Vehicle Limited Warranty (NVLW)/Service Part Warranty
(SPW)/Service Part New Vehicle (SPNV)/Extended Service Plan (ESP) coverage. Limits/policies/prior approvals are
not altered by a TSB. NVLW/SPW/SPNV/ESP coverage limits are determined by the identified causal part and
verified using the OASIS part coverage tool.
Labor Times
DescriptionOperation
No.Time
2021-2024 Mustang Mach-E: Install Aluminum Foil Tape On Both Ends Of The Front Bumper
Following The Service Procedure (Do Not Use With Any Other Labor Operations)252040A 0.5
Hrs.
Repair/Claim Coding
Causal Part: 14C689
Condition Code:04
Service Procedure
1. With the vehicle in N, position the vehicle on a hoist. Refer to WSM, Section 100-02 > Jacking and Lifting >
Description and Operation.
2. Remove both stone deflectors and the lower air deflector to gain access to the front bumper from underneath.
Refer to WSM, Section 501-19 > Removal and Installation > Front Bumper Cover. Perform only Step 3 and Step 8.
3. Using alcohol wipes, clean both open ends of the front bumper to remove any soil or debris to promote adhesion.
4. Using a minimum 2 in. wide (50 mm) by a minimum 6 in. long (150 mm) piece of aluminum foil tape, place the
aluminum foil tape over each of the open ends of the front bumper as shown in Figure 1.
Figure 1
5. Cut a long opening into the bottom of each of the aluminum foil tape on each front bumper end to allow a drain
path for moisture as shown in Figure 2.
Figure 2
6. Install both stone deflectors and the lower air deflector. Refer to WSM, Section 501-19 > Removal and Installation
> Front Bumper Cover. Perform only Step 3 and Step 8.
7. Lower the vehicle from the hoist.
© 2025 Ford Motor Company
All rights reserved.
NOTE: The information in Technical Service Bulletins is intended for use by trained, professional technicians with the knowledge, tools, and
equipment to do the job properly and safely. It informs these technicians of conditions that may occur on some vehicles, or provides information
that could assist in proper vehicle service. The procedures should not be performed by "do-it-yourselfers". Do not assume that a condition
described affects your car or truck. Contact a Ford or Lincoln dealership to determine whether the Bulletin applies to your vehicle. Warranty Policy
and Extended Service Plan documentation determine Warranty and/or Extended Service Plan coverage unless stated otherwise in the TSB article.
The information in this Technical Service Bulletin (TSB) was current at the time of printing. Ford Motor Company reserves the right to supersede
this information with updates. The most recent information is available through Ford Motor Company's on-line technical resources.