GENERAL MOTORS  
DCS 7155  
URGENT - DISTRIBUTE IMMEDIATELY  
 
Date:  February 26 , 2025 
  
Subject:  N242482640  - Service Update  
 Left Front Shock Rod  
  
Models:  2024 Chevrolet Colorado  
 2024 GMC Canyon  
   
  
General Motors is releasing  Service Update N242482640  today.    
What Should Dealers Do:  Dealers should review IVH  or the Dealer Maxis reports 
for open VINs in their inventory.   Dealers can view the attached bulletin and it 
will also be displayed in Service Information tomorrow .   
A Stock VIN list is not included as our records show there are no vehicles in 
dealer new inventory . 
 
 
END OF MESSAGE  
Service Update  
N24248 2640 Left Front Shock Rod   
 
 Page 1 of 3 
 
Release Date : February  2025 Revision : 00  
Attention:  This service update include s vehicles in dealer inventory and customer vehicles that return to the 
dealership for any reason. This bulletin will expire at the end of the involved vehicle’s New Vehicle Limited 
Warranty period.  
 
Make  Model  Model Year  
From  To 
Chevrolet  Colorado  2024  2024  GMC  Canyon  
Investigate Vehicle History (IVH) in the GM Global Warranty Management system should always be checked to confirm 
vehicle involvement prior to beginning any required inspections and/or repairs .   
Condition  Certain vehicles listed above  may have a condition in which  the left front shock was assembled to a 
higher torque specification.  
Correction  Dealers are to replace the left front shock rod and nut.  
Parts  
Quantity  Part Name  Part No.  
1 ABSORBER, FRT SHK  (WT & 2WD)  85639231  
1 ABSORBER, FRT SHK  (Z71 & 4WD)  85639232  
1 ABSORBER, FRT SHK  (Z21 & 2WD)  85639233  
1 ABSORBER, FRT SHK  (Z21 and 4WD)  85639234  
1 NUT, FRT S/ABS SHK ROD MT  11601789  
1 NUT, FRT WHL DRV SHF  (4WD Only)  11612295  
Note:  Use the VIN and the GM Electronic Parts Catalog (EPC) to determine which Front Shock Absorber to order .  
Reminder:  Reminder: Parts may be removed from SPRINT and Retail Inventory Management (RIM) and be non -
returnable.  Dealers should review the affected parts to confirm RIM managed status.  Parts may have quantity limiters in 
effect.  There is a small number of vehicl es anticipated that will need this fix.   Due to the limited initial parts availability, 
dealers are encouraged not to order these parts for use as shelf stock .   
Warranty Information  
Labor 
Operation  Description  Labor 
Time  Trans. 
Type  Net 
Item 
9107740  LH Front Shock Absorber Replacement  
2WD  
4WD   
1.6 
1.9 ZFAT  N/A 
Service Procedure  
Warning:  To prevent personal injury and/or component damage, use the proper tools to support and compress the coil 
spring prior to removal of the strut shaft nut when removing the coil spring. The coil spring is under extreme pressure and 
can become a projectile sh ould the spring separate from the strut before all of the tension is relieved . 
Important:  After the LH Front Shock Absorber is replaced, e nsure the Front Shock Absorber Nut is torqued to between 
38-41 N•m (29 -31 lb ft.). FAILURE TO DO SO COULD RESULT IN POTENTIAL DAMAGE TO THE SHOCK ABSORBER.  
Replace the LH Front Shock Absorber. Refer to Shock Absorber, Shock Absorber Component, or Spring Replacement in 
SI. 
Dealer Responsibility   
Whenever a vehicle subject to this service update enters your vehicle inventory or is in your facility for service in the 
future, and the vehicle is still covered under the New Vehicle Limited Warranty, you must take the steps necessary to be 
sure the serv ice update correction has been made before selling or releasing the vehicle.  
All new, used, GM Certified Pre -Owned (CPO), courtesy transportation vehicles, dealer shuttle vehicles, CarBravo, etc. 
in dealers' possession and subject to this field action  must be held and inspected/repaired per the service procedure of 
this bulletin before customers take possession of these vehicles. Involved vehicles must be held and not delivered to 
customers, dealer -traded, released to auction, used for demonstration, o r any other purpose.  
 
Service Update  
N242482640 Left Front Shock Rod   
 
  Page 2 of 3 
  
All GM Certified Pre -Owned (CPO) vehicles currently in the dealers’ inventory within the SHIFT Digital system will be 
de-certified and must be held and remedied per the service procedure in this bulletin. Upon submitting an accepted/paid 
warranty transaction in the Global Warranty Managem ent (GWM) system, the vehicle can be re -certified for sale within 
the SHIFT Digital system, or once again be used in the Courtesy Transportation Program.  
 
Dealer Reports  – For USA & Export  
The Inventory tab of the Open Vehicle Report will contain Service Update Bulletin VINs that apply to this field action.  
This information is intended to assist dealers with the  PROMPT COMPLETION  of these vehicles.  The Customer In -
Service tab will not contain Service Update Bulletin VIN data because the intent of a Service Update Bulletin is to not 
inconvenience a customer with a special trip for service.  Service Update Bulletins are to be compl eted when the 
customer is in for a regularly scheduled visit.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Service Update  
N242482640 Left Front Shock Rod   
 
  Page 3 of 3 
  
GM bulletins are intended for use by professional technicians, NOT a " do-it-yourselfer ".  They are written to inform these technicians of 
conditions that may occur on some vehicles, or to provide information that could assist in the proper service of a vehicle.  Properly tr ained 
technicians have the tools, equipment, safety instructions, and know -how to do a job properly and safely.  If a condition is described, DO NOT  
assume that the bulletin applies to your vehicle, or that your vehicle will have that con dition.  See your dealer for information on whether your 
vehicle may benefit from the information.    
 We Support 
Voluntary Technician 
Certification  
 
