INDIAN MOTORCYCLE
HELP CENTER
What can we help you ﬁnd? Search
Help Center Home / Article
02/25/2025
2015-2024 Scout Brake System Inspection and Maintenance
Requir ed Tools and Supplies
Shop Rags Brake R otor Measurement T ool
Pick Flashlight
Phillips Screwdriver All-Purpose Grease
5mm Allen Socket 10mm Socket
Ratchet Torque Wrench
Mirror Safety Glasses and Nitrile Gloves
Always wear safety glasses and nitrile gloves when servicing your Indian Motorcycle.
To inspect and maintain the brake system on your Indian Scout, Scout Sixty, Scout Bobber, Scout
Bobber T wenty or Scout R ogue, follow these steps:
1. With the aid of an assistant, position the motorcycle fully upright on level ground.
2. Hold the handlebars straight ahead to ensure an accurate reading at the front reservoir.Indian Scout Br ake System Inspection and Maintenance - Indian Mot orcycle Indian Scout Br ake System Inspection and Maintenance - Indian Mot orcycle
3. Check the fluid level through the sight glass with a flashlight. The fluid level should be above the
minimum indicator mark in the sight glass.
4. Before adding fluid, wipe the area with a clean cloth.
5. Then remove the two cover fasteners with a Phillips screwdriver.
6. Remove the cover and diaphragm. Do not allow brake fluid to contact painted surfaces, or paint
damage may occur.
7. Add fluid as needed. Do not overfill. A 12-ounce bottle of Indian Motorcycle DO T 4 Brake Fluid is
part number 2880016 .
8. Reinstall the diaphragm, cover and fasteners. Torque the fasteners to 13 in-lbs (1.5 Nm).
9. Clean any residual fluid off the vehicle to prevent paint damage.
10. Lubricate the pivot pin and brake lever hinge point.
11. Start by carefully removing the plastic cap from the pivot pin and replace if any damage occurs.
12. Then remove the bottom nut with a 10mm socket.
13. Remove the pivot pin with a 5mm Allen socket. Do not remove the brake lever.
14. Clean off any old grease or dirt.
15. Lubricate the pivot pin with all-purpose grease.
16. Then reinstall. Torque to 9 to 17 in-lbs (1-2 Nm).
17. Reinstall the nut. Torque to 35 to 62 in-lbs (4-7 Nm).
18. Reinstall the plastic cap on top of the pivot pin.
19. Clean any residual grease off the bike.
20. Ensure proper operation of the brake lever.
21. Inspect the banjo bolts on the inside of the front brake master cylinder for leaks.
22. Follow the front brake line from the front brake reservoir to the ABS module.
23. Then follow the brake lines from the front junction block to the front brake caliper on the left
side, looking for any leaks, kinks or damage.
24. Inspect the connections at the front brake caliper for leaks.
25. Inspect the brake pad friction material. R eplace when the thinnest point of the friction material
has worn to the service limit indicator groove. The service limit is 1 mm (0.04 inches).
26. Then inspect the front brake rotor for wear or damage and measure the thickness at four or
more locations. R eplace any rotor that is damaged or worn to the minimum thickness of 4.5 mm
(0.18 inches) at any point.
27. Clean the rotor as recommended in your Owner’s Manual  to resolve minor squeaks from dirt or
dust.
28. Inspect the front ABS tone ring for damaged teeth and the wheel speed sensor for excessive
debris.
29. Move to the rear fluid reservoir near the rear brake pedal on the right side of the bike.
30. Ensuring the bike is still level, check the fluid level with a flashlight. The fluid level should be
above the minimum indicator mark on the reservoir body.
31. Before adding fluid, wipe the area with a clean cloth.
32. Then remove the two cover fasteners with a Phillips screwdriver.
33. Remove the cover and diaphragm. Do not allow brake fluid to contact painted surfaces or paint
damage may occur.
34. Add fluid as needed. Do not overfill.
35. Reinstall the diaphragm, cover and fasteners. Torque the fasteners to 13 in-lbs (1.5 Nm).
36. Clean any residual fluid off the vehicle to prevent paint damage.
37. Inspect for leaks on the banjo bolts at the rear master cylinder.
38. Continue by following the rear brake lines to the rear caliper, looking for any leaks, kinks or
damage. Also, ensure the brake line retainers are properly secured.
39. Inspect the banjo bolts for leaks at the rear caliper.
40. Then inspect the rear brake pad and rotor and replace if worn to their minimum thickness.
41. Also inspect the rear ABS tone ring and wheel sensor.
42. If inspection reveals a need for service or replacement, see your authorized Indian Motorcycle
Dealer.
For more information, see your authorized Indian Motorcycle Dealer. Find a dealer near you with
the Dealer Locator .
Maintenance tips, procedures and specifications can be found in your  Owner's Manual .
To find diagrams and replacement part numbers, use the  online parts catalog .
YouTube® is a r egistered trademark o f Google LL C
Unless not ed, tr ademarks ar e the pr operty of Indian Mot orcycle Int ernational, LL C.
© 2022 Indian Mot orcycle Int ernational, LL C
Keyword(s) video , maintenance , brake , brakes , inspect , inspecting, ,Was this article helpful?
Yes, it answers my question
No, it's missing information or visuals
No, the instructions are unclear
No, What are the next steps?
No, I'm experiencing a technical error
Other
* How can we improve this article? We'd love to hear your suggestions
Tell us what you would like to see in this article
Send [] -
HELPFUL LINKS
Parts, Accessories and Apparel
Owner's Manuals
Indian Motorcycle Protection Plan