   
TECHNICAL SERVICE BULLETIN
2.7L EcoBoost - Turbocharger Wastegate Rattle25-2008
10 February
2025
Model:
Ford
2024 F-150Engine: 2.7L EcoBoost
Built on or before 04-Oct-2024
Markets: North American markets only
Issue: Some of the vehicles listed in the Model statement above may exhibit a condition where the turbocharger
wastegate will make a rattling noise. This may be due to a missing wave spring between the wastegate actuator lever
arm and the turbine housing on both the left and right turbochargers.
Action: For vehicles that meet all of the criteria in the Issue and Model statements, follow the Service Procedure to
install a wave spring on both the left and right turbochargers.
Parts
Service Part
NumberClaim
QuantityPackage Order
QuantityNumber in
PackageDescription
RL3Z-9G488-D 1 1 3 Turbocharger Wastegate Actuator
Spring Kit
Claim Quantity refers to the total number of individual pieces required to repair the vehicle.
Package Order Quantity refers to the amount of the service part number package(s) required to repair the vehicle.
Number In Package refers to the number of individual pieces included in a service part number package.
Warranty Status: Eligible under provisions of New Vehicle Limited Warranty (NVLW)/Emissions Warranty/Service
Part Warranty (SPW)/Service Part New Vehicle (SPNV)/Extended Service Plan (ESP) coverage. Limits/policies/prior
approvals are not altered by a TSB. NVLW/Emissions Warranty/SPW/SPNV/ESP coverage limits are determined by
the identified causal part and verified using the OASIS part coverage tool.
Labor Times
DescriptionOperation
No.Time
2024 F-150 2.7L: Inspect For Wave Spring (Pass) Reassemble Vehicle (Do Not Use With
Any Other Labor Operations)252008A 1.0
Hrs.
2024 F-150 2.7L: Inspect For Wave Spring (Fail) Install A Wave Spring On One
Turbocharger (Do Not Use With Any Other Labor Operations)252008B 1.2
Hrs.
2024 F-150 2.7L: Inspect For Wave Spring (Fail) Install A Wave Spring On Both
Turbochargers (Do Not Use With Any Other Labor Operations)252008C 1.4
Hrs.
Repair/Claim Coding
Causal Part: 6K682
Condition Code:39
Service Procedure
1. Remove both front wheels. Refer to WSM, Section 204-04A > Wheels and Tires > Removal and Installation >
Wheel and Tires.
2. Remove both front inner splash shields. Refer to WSM, Section 501-02 Front End Body Panels > Removal and
Installation > Fender Splash Shield.
3. Is a wave spring installed between the wastegate actuator lever arm and the turbine housing on both the left and
right turbochargers? (Figure 1)
Figure 1
(1). Yes - this article does not apply. Refer to WSM, Section 303-04 for normal diagnostics.
(2). No - proceed to Step 4 to install a wave spring on both the left and/or right turbochargers.
4. Manually manipulate the wastegate to the open position on the right turbocharger.
NOTE: This will create additional space to allow for wave spring installation.
5. If necessary using a small wire brush, clean the gap between the actuator turbine housing lever arm and the
turbine housing and make sure it is free of debris.
6. Install one wave spring per turbocharger by inserting one coil end under the concave/curved side of the lever arm
on the right turbocharger. (Figures 2-3)
Figure 2
Figure 3
NOTE: Use caution when installing the spring to not bend/kink the spring. If bent or kinked when installing,
remove and discard and use a new spring from the kit.
7. Keeping the wave spring centered over the wastegate lever arm shaft, rotate and guide the wave spring on the
wastegate lever arm shaft until all coils of the wave spring are under the lever arm. If the spring becomes difficult to
rotate on, open or close the actuator as needed. A small flathead screwdriver may be needed to push the last part
of the coil under the lever arm. (Figures 2-3)
8. Repeat Steps 4-7 to install a wave spring on the left turbocharger.
9. Install both front inner splash shields. Refer to WSM, Section 501-02 Front End Body Panels > Removal and
Installation > Fender Splash Shield.
10. Install both front wheels. Refer to WSM, Section 204-04A > Wheels and Tires > Removal and Installation > Wheel
and Tires.
© 2025 Ford Motor Company
All rights reserved.
NOTE: The information in Technical Service Bulletins is intended for use by trained, professional technicians with the knowledge, tools, and
equipment to do the job properly and safely. It informs these technicians of conditions that may occur on some vehicles, or provides information
that could assist in proper vehicle service. The procedures should not be performed by "do-it-yourselfers". Do not assume that a condition
described affects your car or truck. Contact a Ford or Lincoln dealership to determine whether the Bulletin applies to your vehicle. Warranty Policy
and Extended Service Plan documentation determine Warranty and/or Extended Service Plan coverage unless stated otherwise in the TSB article.
The information in this Technical Service Bulletin (TSB) was current at the time of printing. Ford Motor Company reserves the right to supersede
this information with updates. The most recent information is available through Ford Motor Company's on-line technical resources.