SLINGSHOT
HELP CENTER
What can we help you find? SEARCH
Help Center Home  / Article
02/20/2025
2025 Slingshot T ransmission Fluid Change
Requir ed Tools and Supplies
24mm Socket/Wrench
Ratchet
Torque Wrench
Fluid Filler
Drain P an
Slingshot T ransmission Fluid
Eye Protection
Nitrile Gloves
Shop Rags
To learn more about tools, read the Tools and F asteners Guide . Always wear safety glasses and nitrile
gloves when servicing your Slingshot.2025 P olaris Slingshot | Transmission Fluid Change | Slingshot 2025 P olaris Slingshot | Transmission Fluid Change | Slingshot
To change the transmission fluid on your Slingshot, follow these steps:
1. Park the vehicle on a flat, level surface, vehicles with AutoDrive leave in neutral, vehicles with
manual transmission, leave in gear. Then set the parking brake.
2. Elevate the vehicle using appropriate jack stands. R eference your Owner’s Manual for proper
lifting techniques.
3. Remove the fill plug located on the rear, driver side of the transmission housing with a 24mm
socket/wrench.
4. Place a drain pan underneath the drain plug, located on the passenger side of the transmission
housing.  Tip: Placing a rag at the bottom of the pan will help prevent the splashing of fluid.
5. Remove the drain plug with a 24mm socket and allow the fluid to drain completely.
6. Continue by cleaning and reinstalling the drain plug with a new gasket. Torque to 19-35 ft-lbs
(26-48 Nm).
7. Add the recommended fluid. Do not overfill. Maintain the fluid level at the bottom edge of the fill
hole. The capacity is 2.75 quarts (2.6 L) of Slingshot transmission fluid, or another GL-3 rated
transmission fluid.
8. Clean and reinstall the fill plug with a new gasket.  Torque to 19-35 ft-lbs (26-48 Nm).
9. Clean any residual fluid off the vehicle and inspect for leaks.
10. Lower the vehicle completely.
11. Dispose of the used fluid properly at your local recycling center.
For more information, see your authorized Slingshot Dealer. Find a dealer near you with the  Dealer
Locator .
Maintenance tips, procedures and specifications can be found in your  Owner's Manual .
To find diagrams and replacement part numbers, use the  online parts catalog .
YouTube® is a r egistered trademark o f Google LL C
Unless not ed, tr ademarks ar e the pr operty of Polaris Industr ies Inc.
© 2025 P olaris Industr ies Inc.