  
This document is uncontrolled when printed. Before use, check the Knowledge Base within the McLaren 
Retailer Portal to verify that this is the current version.  
Steering Noise Diagnosis Guide  
Document Information  
Location:  Chassis  
Topic: Guide to diagnosing "clicking" sound when turning lock to lock statically or at low speed 
Condition:  Permanent  
Diagnostic Trouble Codes:  N/A  
Measure  
When handling a customer concern of "clicking" or "knocking" sound from the steering when turning from lock to lock 
statically, or when at low speed please follow the below instruction to rectify the symptom.  
Basic mechanical checks should be carried out initially to verify:  
- The wheels and tyres are correct for the vehicle, are in suitable road condition with even tread depth wear across the tyre, and do  
not have signs of kerb damage  
- Confirm the wheels have NOT been refurbished or painted  
- The suspension is in good mechanical order with no excessive wear or damage  
Clicking from the steering can be caused by grease or poor contact at the mounting points of the steering rack as per  Figure 1.1 . 
With grease or another lubricant present on the mounting faces, slight movement may be present which can produce an audible 
"click" or "knock" when turning.  
 
It is necessary to gain access to the mounting faces and clean both the subframe and steering rack face so it is free from gr ease or 
any other lubricant.  
A product such as Loctite 7063 or similar is recommended to degrease the surfaces, 
Mounting faces to be cleaned are labelled in  Figure 1.2.  
Replace the steering rack bolts with new when refitting the steering rack.  
The relevant working instruction on SIS must be followed for the removal and refit procedure.  

  
 
Parts Information  
Steering Rack Mounting Bolts - 00RA570 (X2 Required)  
Attachments  
N/A  
Repair Time  
3.0 hours to complete repair as agreed by McLaren Warranty  
This document is uncontrolled when printed. Before use, check the Knowledge Base within the McLaren 
Retailer Portal to verify that this is the current version.  
 
