 Page 1 of 1 Published: February 2025
SC-25-90-01
Karma Automotive Bulletins and service documents are intended for use by experienced and trained Technicians. If you lack the skills, tools, equipment 
and a suitable workshop for any procedure described in this document, we suggest you leave such repairs to a Karma retailer and service provider . See 
your service provider for advice on whether your vehicle may benefit from the information contained within this document. The information contained in the 
Karma Bulletin is accurate at the date of publication. However, Karma Automotive regularly updates technical information. Please check with your Karma 
Automotive Retailer and Karma Automotive service provider that the bulletin you intend to use contains the latest available information.
Title:  External Battery Charging and Jump
Applicability: MY2025 Revero  
Market Region:  All                                                                                      Type: Serivce communication 
Year: 2025
System: Electrical (90)
Sequence: 01PURPOSE:  Illustrate access to 12-Volt power for jump start and charging 
Jumpstart Procedure - Low Voltage
If power to the low voltage (12 volt) system has been depleted e.g. due to client error, lack of use etc. it 
is permitted to jumpstart the battery or attach a battery charger to these locations.
1.Positive Application Point
Open the hood and manually assist the hood to the fully raised position. You must take
care to ensure there is sufficient clearance between the top edge of the hood and the ceiling, if indoors 
or under a structure. Located on the left side under the hood is the Power Distribution Center. The Posi -
tive application point is the main power point (circled in red in Figure 1A).
2.The Negative application point is located next to the engine on the driver side of the
engine (shown circled in red in Figure 1B). There is chassis ground located here as well, that is also 
suitable, the engine cover will need removal for access, see insert.
Fig 1A
Fig 2A