Copyright 2025 General Motors. All Rights Reserved.Bulletin No.: 25-NA-023
Service BulletinDate: February, 2025
TECHNICAL
Buzzing and/or Whirring Type Noise Heard Coming from the Dash Behind the
HVAC Control
This Bulletin takes place of PIT5997. Please discard PIT5997.
 
Brand: Model: Model Year: Breakpoint: Engine: Transmission:
from to from to
Buick Envision 2021 2025 — — All All
 
Involved Region or Country North America
ConditionSome customers may comment on hearing a buzzing and/or whirring type noise coming
from the dash behind the HVAC control.
CauseThe condition may be caused by the interior air quality sensor having insufficient grease
for the induction motor.
Correction Replace the B357 Inside Ambient Air Quality Particulate Sensor Module.Subject:
 
Service Procedure
Important: Service agents must comply with all International, Federal, State, Provincial, and/or Local laws
applicable to the activities it performs under this bulletin, including but not limited to handling, deploying,
preparing, classifying, packaging, marking, labeling, and shipping dangerous goods. In the event of a
conflict between the procedures set forth in this bulletin and the laws that apply to your dealership, you
must follow those applicable laws.
Refer to Inside Ambient Air Quality Particulate Sensor Module Replacement  in SI.
 
Parts Information
Causal Part Description Part Number Qty
XB357 Inside Ambient Air Quality
Particulate Sensor ModuleUse the VIN and refer to the
GM (EPC) to determine the
proper part number to order.1
 
Page 2 February, 2025 Bulletin No.: 25-NA-023
GM bulletins are intended for use by professional technicians, NOT a "do-it-yourselfer" . They are written to inform these
technicians of conditions that may occur on some vehicles, or to provide information that could assist in the proper
service of a vehicle. Properly trained technicians have the equipment, tools, safety instructions, and know-how to do a job
properly and safely. If a condition is described, DO NOT assume that the bulletin applies to your vehicle, or that your
vehicle will have that condition. See your GM dealer for information on whether your vehicle may beneﬁt from the
information.
WE SUPPORT VOLUNTARY
TECHNICIAN
CERTIFICATIONWarranty Information
For vehicles repaired under the Bumper-to-Bumper coverage (Canada Base Warranty coverage), use the following
labor operation. Reference the Applicable Warranties section of Investigate Vehicle History (IVH) for coverage infor-
mation.
Labor Operation Description Labor Time
4420580 Inside Ambient Air Quality Particulate Sensor Module
ReplacementUse Published Labor
Operation Time
 
Version 1
Modified Released February 06, 2025