   
   
The repair information in this document is intended for use only by skilled technicians who have the proper tools, equipment and training to correctly and safely maintain your vehicle.  These 
procedures are not intended to be attempted by “do- it-yourselfer s,” and you should not assume this document applies to your vehicle, or that your vehicle has the condition described.  To 
determine whether this information applies, contact an authorized Volkswagen dealer.   2025 Volkswagen Group of America, Inc.  and Volkswagen Canada. All Rights Reserved.  
  
                24LW    Page 1 of 8 
   
 Emissions Service Action 
Code: 24LW          
  
 
Subject  Engine Control Module (ECM) Software  
Document History  Date  Summary  
02/13/2025 Original publication  
 
  
Affected Vehicles  Country  Beginning 
Model Year  Ending 
Model Year  Vehicle  Vehicle Count  
USA 2025  2025  TAOS  46 
CAN  2025  2025  TAOS  1 
Check Campaigns/Actions screen in Elsa on the day of repair to verify that a VIN qualifies for repair under this 
action.  Elsa is the only  valid campaign inquiry & verification source.  
 Campaign status must show “open.” 
 If Elsa shows other open action(s), inform your customer so that the work can also be completed at 
the same time the  vehicle is in the workshop for this campaign.  
About this Service 
Action  Volkswagen is providing a software update to the Engine Control Modul e (ECM) that will 
improve diagnostic accuracy of the vehicle emissions monitoring systems. This software update 
has no direct impact on vehicle tailpipe emissions.  
Code Visibility  On or about February 13, 2025, the campaign code will be applied to affected vehicles.   
Owner Notification  Owner notification will take place in February 2025. Owner letter examples are included in this 
bulletin for your reference.  
Emissions Campaigns 
Requirements  
(CALIFORNIA ONLY )  
 The California Air Resources Board and the Department of Motor Vehicles (DMV) require 
emissions -related campaigns to be completed prior to vehicle registration renewal.  When 
campaign work is done you must provide the owner with a signed “Vehicle Emission Recall – Proof of Correction” certificate (RC EMISCAVWAU).  Order certificates  
online via the 
Compliance Label Ordering portal at www.vwhub.com . 
Additional Information  Please alert everyone in your dealership about this action, including Sales, Service, Parts and Accounting personnel.
  Contact Warranty if you have any questions.  
Dealers must ensure that every affected inventory vehicle has this campaign completed before 
delivery to consumers   
Fill out and affix Campaign Completion Label (CAMP 010 000) after work is complete.  
Labels can be ordered at no cost via the Compliance Label Ordering portal at www.vwhub.com . 
 
  
 
The repair information in this document is intended for use only by skilled technicians who have the proper tools, equipment and training to correctly and safely maintain your vehicle.  These 
procedures are not intended to be attempted by “do- it-yourselfer s,” and you should not assume this document applies to your vehicle, or that your vehicle has the condition described.  To 
determine whether this information applies, contact an authorized Volkswagen dealer.   2025 Volkswagen Group of America, Inc.  and Volkswagen Canada.   All Rights Reserved.  
  
                      24LW  Page 2 of 8 Claim Entry Instructions  
 
The labor times listed here may differ from the labor operations and labor times listed in ELSA. 
After campaign has been completed, enter claim as soon as possible to help prevent work from being duplicated 
elsewhere. Attach the ELSA screen print showing action open on the day of repair  to the repair order.  
If a customer declines  campaign work, refer to the “Customer Declines Campaign/Update Repair” section in the 
Campaign/Update Policy and Procedures Manual.        
Service Number  24LW  
Damage Code  0099 
Parts Vendor Code  WWO  
Claim Type Sold vehicle: 7 10  
Unsold vehicle: 7 90  
Causal Indicator  Mark labor  as causal  
Vehicle Wash/Loaner  Do not claim wash/loaner under this action. 
Loaner/rental coverage cannot be claimed under this action. However, loaner/rental 
may be covered under the current loaner/mobility program. Please refer to the 
Volkswagen Warranty Policy and Procedures Manual for loaner claims information and 
reimbursement details.  
Criteria I.D. 01 
 LABOR  
Labor Op  Time Units  Description  
0150 00 10  SEE ELSA GFF/Guided Functions  
(setup + battery charger)  
0150 00 60  Time stated on 
diagnostic protocol  GFF/Guided Functions  
(software update)  
 
The repair information in this document is intended for use only by skilled technicians who have the proper tools, equipment and training to correctly and safely maintain your vehicle.  These 
procedures are not intended to be attempted by “do- it-yourselfer s,” and you should not assume this document applies to your vehicle, or that your vehicle has the condition described.  To 
determine whether this information applies, contact an authorized Volkswagen dealer.   2025 Volkswagen Group of America, Inc.  and Volkswagen Canada.   All Rights Reserved.  
  
                      24LW  Page 3 of 8 Customer Letter Example (USA)  
 
<MONTH YEAR>  
  
<CUSTOMER NAME>  
<CUSTOMER ADDRESS>  
<CUSTOMER CITY STATE ZIPCODE>  
This notice applies to your vehicle:  <MODEL YEAR> <BRAND> <CARLINE>, <VIN>  
Subject:    Emissions Service Action 24LW  – Engine Control Module (ECM) Software  
 Dear Volkswagen Owner,  
In cooperation with the United States Environmental Protection Agency and the California Air Resources Board, we are informin g you 
of our decision to conduct an emissions service action on certain 2025  model year Volkswagen vehicles. Our records show that you 
are the owner of a vehicle affected by this action.   
About this Service Action:  
Volkswagen is providing a software update to the Engine Control Module (ECM) that will improve diagnostic accuracy of the vehicle 
emissions monitoring systems. This software update has no direct impact on vehicle tailpipe emissions.   
Your authorized Volkswagen dealer will update the ECM software in your vehicle.  This work will take about an hour  to complete and 
will be performed for you free of charge. Please keep in mind that your dealer may need additional time for the preparation of the work, 
as well as to accommodate their daily workshop schedule.  
IMPORTANT! Please note that if any control module(s) in your vehicle has been “chipped,” “tuned,” or otherwise modified 
from factory specifications with aftermarket components and/or software, work needed to repair, replace, or return the 
control module(s)  to factory specifications is NOT covered under this action.  
What should you do? 
In order to limit any possible inconvenience, please contact your authorized Volkswagen dealer as soon as possible to schedul e this 
work. To set up an appointment online, please visit www.vw.com/find -a-dealer .  
Additional Information  
• California owners:  California regulations require that this campaign be completed prior to the time you renew your vehicle 
registration. Therefore, please make sure that this campaign is completed prior to the renewal of your vehicle 
registration , and that you furnish proof of completion to the Department of Motor Vehicles (DMV) in the form of a copy of 
the dealer’s repair order, including a signed “Proof of Correction” certificate. You obtain this from your dealer after the campaign has been completed.  Please retain the signed “Proof of Correction Certificate” with your vehicle records. DO NOT 
MAIL THIS FORM to the DMV, unless requested.  
• If you are the lessor and registered owner of the vehicle identified in this action, please forward this letter immediately v ia 
first-class mail to the lessee within ten (10) days of receipt.  
• If your authorized Volkswagen dealer fails or is unable to complete this work free of charge within a reasonable time, if you 
have changed your address or no longer own the vehicle identified in this letter , or if you should have any questions about 
this communication, please reach out to us using your preferred method of communication at www.vw.com/contact
 or by 
calling us at 800- 893-5298.   
• T o check your vehicle’s eligibility for repair under this or any other recall/service campaign, please visit 
www.vw.com/owners/recalls and enter your Vehicle Identification Number (VIN) into the Recall/Service Campaign Lookup tool.  
We apologize for any inconvenience this matter may cause; however , we are taking this action to help ensure your vehicle continues 
to meet and exceed your expectations.   
Sincerely,  
Volkswagen Customer Protection  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The repair information in this document is intended for use only by skilled technicians who have the proper tools, equipment and training to correctly and safely maintain your vehicle.  These 
procedures are not intended to be attempted by “do- it-yourselfer s,” and you should not assume this document applies to your vehicle, or that your vehicle has the condition described.  To 
determine whether this information applies, contact an authorized Volkswagen dealer.   2025 Volkswagen Group of America, Inc.  and Volkswagen Canada.   All Rights Reserved.  
  
                      24LW  Page 4 of 8 Customer Letter Example (CANADA)  
 
<MONTH YEAR>  
  
<CUSTOMER NAME>  
<CUSTOMER ADDRESS>  
<CUSTOMER CITY STATE ZIPCODE>  
This notice applies to your vehicle:  <MODEL YEAR> <BRAND> <CARLINE>, <VIN>  
Subject:    Emissions Service Action 24LW – Engine Control Module (ECM) Software  
 Dear Volkswagen Owner,  
This notice is sent to you in accordance with the requirements of the Canadian Environmental Protection Act, 1999. Volkswagen has 
determined that a defect, which relates to a prescribed emission standard, exists in certain 2025  model year Volkswagen vehicles. Our 
records show that you are the owner of a vehicle affected by this action.  
About this Service Action:  
Volkswagen is providing a software update to the Engine Control Module (ECM) that will improve diagnostic accuracy of the vehicle 
emissions monitoring systems. This software update has no direct impact on vehicle tailpipe emissions.   
Your authorized Volkswagen dealer will update the ECM software in your vehicle.  This work will take about an hour to complet e and 
will be performed for you free of charge. Please keep in mind that your dealer may need additional time for the preparation of the work, 
as well as to accommodate their daily workshop schedule.  
IMPORTANT! Please note that if any control module(s) in your vehicle has been “chipped,” “tuned,” or otherwise modified 
from factory specifications with aftermarket components and/or software, work needed to repair, replace, or return the 
control module(s)  to factory specifications is NOT covered under this action.  
What should you do? 
In order to limit any possible inconvenience, please contact your authorized Volkswagen dealer as soon as possible to schedul e this 
work.   
Additional Information  
• If you are the lessor and registered owner of the vehicle identified in this action, please forward this letter immediately v ia 
first-class mail to the lessee within ten (10) days of receipt.  
• If your authorized Volkswagen dealer fails or is unable to complete this work free of charge within a reasonable time, if you have changed your address or no longer own the vehicle identified in this letter , or if you should have any questions about 
this communication, please contact Customer Relations, Monday through Friday from 8AM to 8PM EST by phone at 1 -800-
822-8987 or via our “Contact Us” page at www.vw.ca
.   
We apologize for any inconvenience this matter may cause; however , we are taking this action to help ensure your vehicle continues 
to meet and exceed your expectations.   
Sincerely,  
Volkswagen Customer Protection
 
The repair information in this document is intended for use only by skilled technicians who have the proper tools, equipment and training to correctly and safely maintain your vehicle.  These 
procedures are not intended to be attempted by “do- it-yourselfer s,” and you should not assume this document applies to your vehicle, or that your vehicle has the condition described.  To 
determine whether this information applies, contact an authorized Volkswagen dealer.   2025 Volkswagen Group of America, Inc.  and Volkswagen Canada.   All Rights Reserved.  
  
                      24LW  Page 5 of 8 Required Tools  
 
 Battery Tester/Charger  
-VAS5908 -  
(or equivalent charger with 
a current rating of at least 
70A) 
 Diagnostic Tester  
-VAS6150X/VAS6160X - 
(or equivalent)  
 
Repair Instruction  
 
Section A - Check for Previous Repair  
 
  TIP 
If Campaign Completion label is present, no further work is required.  
 
 
 
  
• Enter the VIN in Elsa and proceed to the 
“Campaign/Action” screen.  
 TIP 
On the date of repair, print this screen and keep a 
copy with the repair order.  
• Confirm the Campaign/Action is open <arrow 1>. If the status is closed, no further work is required.  
• Note the Applicable Criteria ID <arrow 2> for use in determining the correct work to be done and corresponding parts associated.  
 CRITICAL REPAIR STEP  
  STOP !   
All campaigns/actions with a repair available must be performed in order of the Start date <arrow 3>. 
The oldest should be performed first (unless 
otherwise noted in the repair instructions).  
Proceed to Section B  
 WARNING  
Radiator Fan(s) may cycle ON high speed during the Update Process!  There is a serious risk that personal injury 
may result if contact is made with spinning fan blades.  Keep hands and all objects away from Radiator Fan(s) during 
Update Process!  
  

 
The repair information in this document is intended for use only by skilled technicians who have the proper tools, equipment and training to correctly and safely maintain your vehicle.  These 
procedures are not intended to be attempted by “do- it-yourselfer s,” and you should not assume this document applies to your vehicle, or that your vehicle has the condition described.  To 
determine whether this information applies, contact an authorized Volkswagen dealer.   2025 Volkswagen Group of America, Inc.  and Volkswagen Canada.   All Rights Reserved.  
  
                      24LW  Page 6 of 8 Section B – Update Engine Control Module   
 
  NOTE  
 
 
Prior to launching the VAS Diagnostic Tester and starting an update, ensure the following conditions are met;  
 
 The ODIS software is completely up to date.  
 
• Refer to the “Alerts” section on ServiceNet home page for the current ODIS version.  
 
 The battery charger is connected to the vehicle battery and remains connected for the duration of the software update.  
 
• Battery voltage must remain above 12.5 v olts (or higher, if directed in the work instructions)  for 
the duration of the software update. Failure to do so may cause the update to fail, which could result 
in damage to the control module. Control modules damaged by insufficient voltage will not be 
covered.  
 
 The screen saver and power saving settings are off.  
 
• Failure to do so may result in the tester entering power save mode during the software update, 
which could result in damage to the control module.  
 
 The VAS Diagnostic Tester is plugged in using the supplied power adapters.  
 
• Under no circumstances should the tester be used on battery power alone during the software update. Failure to do so may result in the tester powering off during the update, which could 
result in damage to the control module.  
 
 The VAS Diagnostics Interface MUST ONLY be  connected to the tester with a USB cable.  
 
• Performing a software update using a Bluetooth or WiFi connection increases the risk of losing 
connection during the update, which could result in damage to the control module.  
It also greatly increases the time required to perform the update. Requests for additional time or parts will be denied if the GFF log shows the update was performed using Bluetooth or WiFi . 
 
 
  NOTE  
 
• Damages resulting from improper repair or failure to follow these work instructions are the dealer’s 
responsibility and are not eligible for reimbursement under this action.  
• Diagnosis and repair of pre -existing conditions in the vehicle are not covered under this action.  
 
  NOTE  
 
• All campaign software updates must be completed during a single, standalone ODIS Diagnostic Session. 
You must fully complete this campaign and send all logs before beginning any other campaigns or 
operations.   
• If there are any ODIS “Hot -Fix” patches installed, they must be removed from the scan tool before beginning 
this operation.  ODIS “Hot -Fix” patches may affect the update process.  
  
 
The repair information in this document is intended for use only by skilled technicians who have the proper tools, equipment and training to correctly and safely maintain your vehicle.  These 
procedures are not intended to be attempted by “do- it-yourselfer s,” and you should not assume this document applies to your vehicle, or that your vehicle has the condition described.  To 
determine whether this information applies, contact an authorized Volkswagen dealer.   2025 Volkswagen Group of America, Inc.  and Volkswagen Canada.   All Rights Reserved.  
  
                      24LW  Page 7 of 8  IMPORTANT  
To Update- Programming using SVM,  review and follow instructions in Technical Bulletin 2014603 : Software 
Version Management (SVM) Operating Instructions . 
The SVM Process must be completed in its entirety so the database receives the update confirmation response. A 
warranty claim may not be reimbursed if there is no confirmation response to support the claim.  
 
• Switch off all consumers, air conditioning, heater blower motor, lights, heated seats, etc.  
• Connect battery charger.  
• Ensure the latest version of ODIS is downloaded.  
• Ensure diagnostic head is connected to ODIS tester via USB cable.  
• Move selector lever to P.  
• Use operating mode, DIAGNOSIS.  
• Select “SVM – Code Input”.  
• Enter SVM code 4F69 and follow the on screen prompts.  
• Ensure the diagnostic log is sent to GFF Paperless  after completion.  
 
Proceed to Section C   
 IMPORTANT  
If the software update fails for any reason, ODIS feedback must be sent  prior to further diagnosis. This ensures the 
failure/error is reported. Failure to do so may result in non- payment of consequential requests for additional time or 
parts.   
  

 
The repair information in this document is intended for use only by skilled technicians who have the proper tools, equipment and training to correctly and safely maintain your vehicle.  These 
procedures are not intended to be attempted by “do- it-yourselfer s,” and you should not assume this document applies to your vehicle, or that your vehicle has the condition described.  To 
determine whether this information applies, contact an authorized Volkswagen dealer.   2025 Volkswagen Group of America, Inc.  and Volkswagen Canada.   All Rights Reserved.  
  
                      24LW  Page 8 of 8 Section C – C ampaign Completion Label  
 
 
 
 
 
 • Fill out and affix Campaign Completion Label, part number CAMP 010 000, next to the vehicle emission control information label.  
  TIP  
Ensure Campaign Completion Label does not cover any existing label(s).  
 
 • Proceed to Section D ( California only ) 
Section D – California Only Requirements  
 
CALIFORNIA ONLY Requirements for Emissions Campaigns Having Customer Notification  
The California Air Resources Board and the Department of Motor Vehicles (DMV) require emissions -related 
campaigns to be completed prior to vehicle registration renewal.  When campaign work is done you must provide 
the owner with a signed “Vehicle Emission Recall – Proof of Correction” certificate (RC EMIS_CAL VW).   
Certificates can be ordered at no cost  online via the Compliance Label Ordering portal at www.vwhub.com .  
 
  TIP 
Ensure owners are aware of the importance of retaining the completed certificate for their records. It should be 
mailed to the California DMV only upon request.  
 
 
 
 
 