Copyright 2025 General Motors. All Rights Reserved.Bulletin No.: 24-NA-156
Service BulletinDate: January, 2025
TECHNICAL
Information on Dealer Installed Accessory Trailer Hitch Installation Concern
Brand: Model: Model Year: Build Date Breakpoint: Engine: Transmission
:from to from to
Chevrolet Equinox EV 2024 2024 SOP July 30, 2024 All All
Involved Region or Country North America
Additional Options (RPOs) Equipped with Package Option 1LT, 2LT, or 3LT, RPOs SDE and SDR
ConditionDuring the installation process, dealers may find that the scribe lines may not be present
for cutting.
Cause The supplier removed these necessary lines by mistake.
Correction If the vehicle is found to not have visible scribe lines, please follow the direction below.Subject:
Important: Service agents must comply with all International, Federal, State, Provincial, and/or Local laws
applicable to the activities it performs under this bulletin, including but not limited to handling, deploying,
preparing, classifying, packaging, marking, labeling, and shipping dangerous goods. In the event of a
conflict between the procedures set forth in this bulletin and the laws that apply to your dealership, you
must follow those applicable laws.
Important: This technical service bulletin (TSB) can only be completed by certified repair facilities who have met all
specific training, tool and equipment requirements pertaining to the vehicle Brand and Model serviced. Repairs must
be performed by a technician who has successfully completed the required training.
Service Procedure
Refer to Trailer Hitch Platform Package Installation  for installation under Accessories Manual in SI.
Page 2 January, 2025 Bulletin No.: 24-NA-156
GM bulletins are intended for use by professional technicians, NOT a "do-it-yourselfer" . They are written to inform these
technicians of conditions that may occur on some vehicles, or to provide information that could assist in the proper
service of a vehicle. Properly trained technicians have the equipment, tools, safety instructions, and know-how to do a job
properly and safely. If a condition is described, DO NOT assume that the bulletin applies to your vehicle, or that your
vehicle will have that condition. See your GM dealer for information on whether your vehicle may beneﬁt from the
information.
WE SUPPORT VOLUNTARY
TECHNICIAN
CERTIFICATION
6692657
During Installation, on the inside of the rear fascia skid plate, check to see if there is a scribed line (1) present in the
location shown. If no scribed line is present, then a new rear fascia skid plate P/N 85629520 must be ordered before
proceeding to the next step.
Dealers will be directed to contact the supplier for P/N 85629520, which will have the scribe lines present. The
supplier will send them to dealers free of charge. Please contact Carlos Ortiz at +52-844- 318-7613 or email at
carlos.ortiz@opmobility.com.
Version 3
Modified Released August 15, 2024
Revised September 03, 2024 – Updated supplier contact phone number.
Revised January 29, 2025 – Removed Warranty Information.