Involved Region or
Country North America
Additional Options
(RPO) UKL
Condition Supercruise engages, but eventually the green bar on the
steering wheel starts to ﬂash.
 Supercruise then disengages with a message on the displa y
that states "Supercruise Disengaging - Looking Awa y Too Long".
 If the driver tries to engage supercruise again it ma y engage, or
the problem ma y still be present through the k ey cycle.
Cause  Anomaly in the Driver Monitoring Module System.
Bulletin No.: PIT6229A
Published date: 02/27/2025
Preliminary Information
PIT6229A Driver Monitoring - Supercruise Disengaging - Looking
Away Too Long
Proactive
Models
Brand: Model: Model Y ears:VIN:Engine: Transmissions:from to
Chevr oletSilverado EV RST 2024 - 2025 All AllAll All
Chevr oletSilverado EV L T2025 All AllAll All
GMC Sierra Denali EV 2024 - 2025 All AllAll All
 
 
 
 
 
 
Correction:
Engineering is currently investigating the issue, do not replace any parts at this time.
Make sure the following are not a cause of this issue.
Objects obstructing the camera's view of the driver ’s face.
Steering column is positioned too high or low , obstructing the camera's view of the
driver ’s face.
See Service Information Super Cruise Description and Operation for Issues that are
considered normal characteristics for “Looking Awa y Too Long message” and “Can’t see
face clearly”.
Labor Operation Description Labor Time
* 2887928Diagnose "SuperCruise Disengaging -
Looking Awa y Too Long"0.2 Hr .
*This is a unique Labor Operation for Bulletin use only .
Version 2
Modiﬁed08/30/2024 - Created on.  
02/27/2025 - Added Model Y ear 2025.Glare on the driver ’s face, more prevalent at dawn or dusk.
Driver not focusing on the road ahead.
Sun shining into the drivers monitoring camera.
Warranty Information
For vehicles repaired under the Bumper-to-Bumper coverage (Canada Base W arranty
coverage), use the following labor operation. Reference the Applicable W arranties section
of Investigate V ehicle History (IVH) for coverage information.
 
Version History
 
 
GM Global Brands
© 2025 General Motors. All Rights R eserved.