GENERAL MOTORS  
DCS 7154  
URGENT - DISTRIBUTE IMMEDIATELY  
 
Date:  February 27 , 2025 
  
Subject:  N242490010 - Customer Satisfaction Program   
 Accessory Rocker Lighting Inoperative  
  
Models:  2025 Chevrolet Blazer EV  
   
  
General Motors is releasing  Customer Satisfaction Program  N242490010 
today.    
What Should Dealers Do: Dealers should review IVH  or the Dealer Maxis reports 
for open VINs in their inventory.   Dealers can view the attached bulletin and it 
will also be displayed in Service Information tomorrow .   
The Stock VIN list of vehicles in dealer inventory is attached to this message. 
Note: this list is only accurate at the time of report creation and all VINs should 
be validated in IVH prior to repair.   
 
 
END OF MESSAGE  
Customer Satisfaction Program  
N242490010  Accessory Rocker Lighting Inoperative   
 
 Page 1 of 6 
 
Release Date:  February  2025 Revision:  00  
Attention:  For EV Involved Vehicles: The repairs outlined in this bulletin must only be completed at an authorized 
EV dealer and repairs must be performed by a technician who has successfully completed the 
applicable  technical training required to perform this repair.   
Involved vehicles will be repaired either through dealer repairs as described in this bulletin or through 
over the air (OTA) programming.  Dealers can and should perform the procedure in this bulletin on any 
vehicle with an “open” status on the Investigate  Vehicle History (IVH) screen in GM Global Warranty 
Management system.  Due to the fact that vehicles will be closed in IVH through successful OTA 
programming, dealers should always check the status in IVH before performing any vehicle repairs .  
Refer to T echnical Service Bulletin 21 -NA-043 for properly maintaining vehicles in dealer inventory.  
This program is in effect until March 31, 2027 .  
 
Make  Model  Model Year  
From  To 
Chevrolet  Blazer EV  2025  2025  
Investigate Vehicle History (IVH) in the GM Global Warranty Management system should always be checked to confirm 
vehicle involvement prior to beginning any required inspections and/or repairs .   
Condition  
 Certain vehicles listed above, may have a condition in whic h the rocker lighting is inoperative . 
Correction  Dealers will reprogram the Body Control Module and Lighting Control Module . 
Parts  
No parts are required for this repair.  
Warranty Information  
Labor 
Operation  Description  Labor 
Time  Trans. 
Type  Net 
Item 
9107771 * Verified Module Software or Calibration Level: Module Is 
Programmed with Same Level Software or Calibration  0.2 
ZFAT  N/A 
9107772 * Body Control Module and Lighting Control Module Reprogramming 
with SPS  0.7 
Note:  The above labor time(s) are published direct from the Labor Time Guide.  
Important : * To avoid warranty transaction rejections, carefully read and follow the instructions below:  
 
 6125814  
• The Warranty Claim Code from the programming event must be accurately entered in the “Warranty Claim 
Code” field of the transaction.  
• When more than one Warranty Claim Code is generated for a programming event, it is required to document all 
Warranty Claim Codes in the “Correction” field on the job card.   Dealers must also enter one of the codes in the 
“Warranty Claim Code ” field of the transaction, otherwise the transaction will reject.   It is best practice to enter 
the FINAL code provided by SPS2.  
 

Customer Satisfaction Program  
N242490010 Accessory Rocker Lighting Inoperative   
 
  Page 2 of 6 
  
Warranty Claim Code Information Retrieval  
6125774  
If the Warranty Claim Code was not recorded on the Job Card, the code can be retrieved in the SPS 2 system as 
follows:  
1. Open TLC on the computer used to program the vehicle.  
2. Select and start SPS2.  
3. Select Settings  (1). 
4. Select the Warranty Claim Code tab  (2). 
The VIN, Warranty Claim Code and Date/Time will be listed on a roster of recent programming events.   If the code is 
retrievable, dealers should resubmit the transaction making sure to include the code in the SPS Warranty Claim Code 
field.  
Service Procedure  
Note:  Carefully read and follow the instructions below.  
• Ensure the programming tool is equipped with the latest software and is securely connected to the data link connector. 
If there is an interruption during programming, programming failure or control module damage may occur.  
• Stable battery voltage is critical during programming. Any fluctuation, spiking, over voltage or loss of voltage will 
interrupt programming. Install a GM Authorized Programming Support Tool to maintain system voltage.   Refer to 
www.gmdesolutions.com  for further information.    If not available, connect a fully charged 12 V jumper or booster 
pack disconnected from the AC voltage supply. DO NOT connect a battery charger.  
• Follow the on -screen prompts regarding ignition power mode, but ensure that anything that drains excessive power 
(exterior lights, HVAC blower motor, etc) is off.  
• Clear DTCs after programming is complete. Clearing powertrain DTCs will set the Inspection/Maintenance (I/M) 
system status indicators to NO.  
Important:  The service technician always needs to verify that the VIN displayed in the TLC left side drop down menu and 
the top center window match the VIN plate of the vehicle to be programmed prior to using Service Programming System 
2 (SPS2) for programming or re programming a module.  
• For the TLC application, service technicians need to always ensure that the power mode (ignition) is “ON” before 
reading the VIN from the vehicle’s VIN master module and that they do not select a VIN that is already in the TLC 
application memory from a previous vehicle.  
• If the VIN that shows up in the TLC top center window after correctly reading the VIN from the vehicle does not match 
the VIN plate of the vehicle, manually type in the VIN characters from the vehicle VIN plate into the TLC top center 
window and use these for programming or reprogramming the subject module with the correct vehicle VIN and 
software and/or calibrations.  

Customer Satisfaction Program  
N242490010 Accessory Rocker Lighting Inoperative   
 
  Page 3 of 6 
  
• The Body  Control Module ( BCM) is the  primary  module (for VIP EV vehicles) that TLC reads to determine the VIN of 
the vehicle.  If the VIN read from the vehicle by TLC does not match the VIN plate of the vehicle, the BCM  also needs 
to be reprogrammed with the correct VIN, software and calibrations that match the vehicle’s VIN plate.  
Caution:   Be sure the VIN selected in the drop down menu (1) is the same as the vehicle connected (2) before beginning 
programming.   
5743643  
Important:  If the vehicle VIN DOES NOT match, the message below will be shown.  
 5877000  
5644477  
Important: Techline Connect screens shown above.  
 
Important:  If the same calibration/software warning is noted on the TLC Summary screen, select OK and follow 
screen instructions. After a successful programming event, the WCC is located in the Service Programming System 
dialogue box of the SPS Summary screen. No fu rther action is required. Refer to the Warranty section of the bulletin.  
1. Reprogram the Body  Control Module. Refer to K9 Body Control Module: Programming and Setup  in SI.  
 
 

Customer Satisfaction Program  
N242490010 Accessory Rocker Lighting Inoperative   
 
  Page 4 of 6 
  
2. Reprogram the Lighting Control Module. Refer to K219 Lighting Control Module: Programming and Setup  in SI.  
5644478  
Note:  The screensho t above is an example of module programming and may not be indicative of the specific module 
that is being programmed. Module selection and VIN information have been blacked out.  
Important:  To avoid warranty transaction rejections, you MUST record the warranty claim code provided on the 
Warranty Claim Code (WCC) screen shown above on the job card. Refer to callout 1 above for the location of the 
WCC on the screen.  
3. Record SPS Warranty Claim Code on job card for warranty transaction submission.  
Dealer Responsibility  
All new, used, GM Certified Pre -Owned (CPO), courtesy transportation vehicles, dealer shuttle vehicles, CarBravo, etc. 
in dealers' possession and subject to this field action  must be held and inspected/repaired per the service procedure of 
this bulletin before customers take possession of these vehicles. Involved vehicles must be held and not delivered to 
customers, dealer -traded, released to auction, used for demonstration, o r any other purpose.  
All GM Certified Pre -Owned (CPO) vehicles currently in the dealers’ inventory within the SHIFT Digital system will be 
de-certified and must be held and remedied per the service procedure in this bulletin. Upon submitting an accepted/paid 
warranty transaction in the Global Warranty Managem ent (GWM) system, the vehicle can be re -certified for sale within 
the SHIFT Digital system, or once again be used in the Courtesy Transportation Program.  
Dealers are to service all vehicles subject to this program at no charge to customers, regardless of mileage, age of vehicle,  
or ownership, through the end date as noted in the Attention box.  Customers who have recently purchased vehicles sold 
from your vehicle inventory, and for which there is no customer information indicated on the involved vehicle listing, are 
to be contacted by the dealer.  Arrangements are to be made to make the required  correction according to the instructions 
contained in this bulletin.  A copy of the customer letter is provided in this bulletin for your use in contacting customers.   
Program follow -up cards should not be used for this purpose, since the customer may not  as yet have received the 
notification letter.  
In summary, whenever a vehicle subject to this program enters your vehicle inventory or is in your facility for service 
through  the end date as noted in the Attention box , you must take the steps necessary to be sure the program correction 
has been made before selling or releasing the vehicle.  
Dealer Reports  – For USA & Export   
For dealers with involved vehicles, a listing has been prepared and will be available through GM Global  Connect Maxis 
Field Action Reports or sent directly to export dealers.   The Inventory tab of the dealer reports will contain VINs that 
apply to this field action.   This information is intended to assist dealers with the  PROMPT COMPLETION  of these 
vehicles.   The Customer In -Service tab will contain customer names and addresses from Motor Vehicle Registration 
Records.   The use of such motor vehicle registra tion data for any purpose other than follow -up necessary to complete 
this field action may be a violation of law in several states.   
Courtesy Transportation  – For USA & Canada  
Courtesy transportation is available for  customers whose vehicles are involved in a product program and still within the 
warranty coverage period . See General Motors Service Policies and Procedures Manual for courtesy transportation 
program details .   

Customer Satisfaction Program  
N242490010 Accessory Rocker Lighting Inoperative   
 
  Page 5 of 6 
  
Customer Notification  
USA & Canada - General Motors will notify customers of this program  on their vehicle (see copy of sample customer letter 
included with this bulletin).   
 
Export - Letters will be sent to known owners of record located within areas covered by the US National Traffic and Motor 
Vehicle Safety Act.  For owners outside these areas, dealers should notify customers using the attached sample letter.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
GM bulletins are intended for use by professional technicians, NOT a " do-it-yourselfer ".  They are written to inform these technicians of 
conditions that may occur on some vehicles, or to provide information that could assist in the proper service of a vehicle.  Properly tr ained 
technicians have the tools, equipment, safety instructions, and know -how to do a job properly and safely.  If a condition is described, DO NOT  
assume that the bulletin applies to your vehicle, or that your vehicle will have that condition.  See your dealer for informa tion on whether your 
vehicle may benefit from the information.    
 We Support 
Voluntary Technician 
Certification  
  

Customer Satisfaction Program  
N242490010 Accessory Rocker Lighting Inoperative   
 
  Page 6 of 6 
  
  
This notice applies to your vehicle,  VIN: ________________________________  
Dear General Motors Customer:  
We have learned that your GM vehicle  may have a condition in which the rocker lighting is inoperative . 
Your satisfaction with your  vehicle  is very important to us, so we are announcing a program to prevent this condition  or, 
if it has occurred, to fix it.  
What We Will Do:  Your GM dealer will reprogram the Body Control Module and Lighting Control Module.   This service 
will be performed for you at no charge  until March 31, 2027 .  After that, any applicable warranty will apply.  
What You Should Do:  To limit any possible inconvenience, we recommend that you contact your dealer as soon as 
possible to schedule an appointment for this repair.   When scheduling your appointment, confirm with the dealer that 
they are an EV certified dealer.    
You may schedule your vehicle for repair using the QR code below.  For more information about your vehicle, or if you 
have questions or concerns that your dealer is unable to resolve, please visit gm.com/service , or call the Buick, 
Chevrolet or GMC Customer Assistance Center at 1 -866-467-9700.  For Cadillac, please call 1 -800-333-4223.    
For the hearing or speech impaired, please contact our Customer Assistance Center using the Telecommunication 
Relay Service by dialing 711 then providing the appropriate Customer Assistance Center number for your vehicle.  
We truly appreciate you taking the time to update your vehicle as we know your time is valuable.   We want you to know 
that we will do our best, throughout your ownership experience, to ensure that your GM vehicle provides you many 
miles of enjoyable driving.  
 Neelie O’Connor  
 Global Executive Director  
 Customer Experience  Operations  
 
    Scan here to 
   locate a dealer.  
            
 
 
N242490010  
 
