 
SC335 
 
February 13 , 2025  
 
ATTENTION:  ALL DEALER PRINCIPALS  
 
Kia America, Inc. is conducting a Voluntary Service Campaign to update the battery management system (BMS) to prevent 
overcharging of the 12V Lithium battery i n the vehicles  listed below  that have not had SA553 completed yet:  
 
• Certain 2023 -2024 MY Sportage Hybrid (HEV) vehicles manufactured from February 15, 2022 through October 28, 
2023  
• Certain 2023 -2024 MY Niro Hybrid (HEV) vehicles manufactured from June 21, 2022 through February 6, 2023  
 
NOTE:  This Voluntary Service Campaign supersedes SA553.  
 
Due to a software logic issue, the battery management system (BMS) may inadvertently overcharge the 12V Lithium battery.    
If the 12V Lithium battery becomes overcharged, the subject vehicles may experience a reduction in motive power 
accompanied by the “ Check Hybrid System. Stop Safely” warning message, Hybrid system warning lamp, Service warning 
lamp, Charging system warning lamp, and a rapid beeping sound for 10 seconds.  
 
Dealers will update the  vehicle’s  BMS software to prevent overcharging of the 12V Lithium battery.  This campaign will be 
performed free of charge at no cost to the customer.  In addition, the customer notification will reiterate the owner’s manual 
instructions for emergency starting usin g the 12V battery reset function.   Note: This remedy software is the same as the 
software installed  as part of SA553.   
 Your Service Manager was sent a copy of the owner notification letter and a Q&A G uide both of which describe the issue 
and information on how to access the list of affected vehicles.  Kia will start mailing notices to the affected vehicle owners 
beginning on February 17, 2025 . 
 
What Should You Do?  
Please make personnel in your dealership familiar with the details of this Voluntary Service Campaign so they may respond to 
customer inquiries and requests  appropriately . 
 
LEGAL PRIVACY LIABILITY NOTICE : Pursuant to the terms of the Dealer Sales and Service Agreement and the Gramm-
Leach -Bliley federal consumer privacy act, you are required to keep confidential any and all information and documents 
provided to you by Kia America, Inc. or generated by you in the conduct of carrying out work under that Agreement 
regarding Kia vehicle purchasers and owners, including but not limited to warranty claim information.  Kia dealers may use such owner information for the sole purpose of conducting and performing this voluntary service campaign, and for no other purpose.  
 
If you have any questions, please contact your Kia District Parts & Service Manager.  
 Sincerely,  
 
Kia Service Department  
Enclosures  