Reference SSM76243
Models New Range Rover Sport / L461
Title Suspension `Rattling` or `Popping` Type Noises Heard From Within The Passenger Compartment
Category Chassis
Last modified 13-Jan-2025 00:00:00
Symptom 304000 Suspension System
Attachments Attachment 1.wav (Attachment 1.wav)
Attachment 2.wav (Attachment 2.wav)
Content Model / Model Year / Derivative
Range Rover / 24MY - Onwards / SV only
 
Situation:
JLR Engineering investigations have identified reports of suspension 'rattling' or 'popping' type noises being
heard from within the passenger compartment. The noises can be heard while driving over uneven and broken
surfaces at speeds of up to 35 MPH (56 KPH).
The 'rattling' type noise may be heard coming from the front and/or rear suspension on 24MY vehicles
only, and is heard while driving over minor road imperfections, such as uneven road surfaces.
The 'popping' type noise may be heard coming from the rear suspension on 24MY onwards vehicles,
and is heard while driving over major road imperfections, such as rutted/damaged/pitted road surfaces.
 
Action:
Refer to the service information below.
Service Information:
To assist Engineering with determining the route cause of certain noises, follow the below actions:
 
1. Listen to the 2 sound files attached:
'Attachment 1' provides an example of the 'rattling' type noise.
'Attachment 2' provides an example of the 'popping' type noise.
 
2. Safely road test the vehicle over varying road surfaces. During the road test, record any 'rattling' or 'popping'
type noises which may be heard.
 
3. Raise an Electronic Product Quality Report (EPQR), which must include the below information:
- Reference to SVO_030
- Reference to P379878
- The sound file/video of any 'rattling' or 'popping' type noises recorded during the road test
- Confirmation on which type of noise was heard during the road test ('rattling' or 'popping')
- Confirmation on where the noise can be heard from (Front suspension / Rear suspension / Left / Right)
- Confirmation on the road surface the vehicle was being driven on at the time when the noise was heard
- Confirmation on the vehicle speed at the time when the noise was heard.
 
4. If a 'rattling' type noise was heard, replace the affected shock absorber, (See TOPIx Workshop Manual
section 204: Suspension - Front Suspension / Rear Suspension). Shock absorbers replaced as a result of
the 'rattling' symptom must be replaced in axle pairs.
 
5. If a 'popping' type noise was heard, as shown in 'Attachment 2', advise the customer that this symptom does
not affect vehicle operation. Do not replace components based solely on the described symptom.
Engineering are working towards understanding the route cause of this symptom. Once route cause has
been determined, a recommended route for repair will be provided within a TOPIx Cloud Workflow, at which
point this SSM will also be updated. 
 
6. Update the EPQR to detail all completed actions.
If a vehicle has previously had any shock absorbers replaced due to a suspension 'rattling' type noise being
heard, and subsequently returns to the retailer with further suspension 'rattling' type noises, do not replace the
same shock absorbers again. Raise a Technical Assistance (TA) making reference to SVO_030 and P379878.
Include any sound files/videos of any recorded noises.
 
(Ref 000379878/3644)
anBhdHRlcnM7MjA yNS0wMS0xM1QxMjo1NzoyOS4yNzRaOzE2NS4yMjUuOS42OT s=