Copyright 2025 General Motors. All Rights Reserved.Bulletin No.: PIE0815
Service BulletinDate: January, 2025
ENGINEERING INFORMATION
Engineering Information – Service Engine Soon (SES) Lamp Illuminated on
Driver Information Center (DIC), Suspect Non-OE Catalytic Converters and/or
Exhaust Systems, DTCs P013F, P014A, P014B and/or P013E Set
Proceed with this EI ONLY if the customer has commented about this
concern AND the PIE number is listed in the Global Warranty
Management / Investigate History link (GWM/IVH). If the customer has not
commented about this condition or the EI does not show in GWM/IVH,
disregard the PIE, and proceed with diagnostics found in published
service information. THIS IS NOT A RECALL. Refer to the latest version of
Service Bulletin 04-00-89-053 for more details on the use of Engineering
Information bulletins.
Brand: Model: Model Year: VIN Breakpoint: Engine: Transmission:
from to from to
Chevrolet Corvette 2023 2024 — —5.5L (RPO
LT6)All
Involved Region or Country U.S. Dealers ONLY
ConditionSome customers may comment on the Service Engine Soon (SES) Lamp illuminated on
the Driver Information Center (DIC).
Technicians may find one or more of the following DTCs set:
• P013F - Heated Oxygen Sensor 2 Delayed Response Lean to Rich — Bank 1
• P014A - Heated Oxygen Sensor 2 Delayed Response Rich to Lean Bank 2
• P014B - Heated Oxygen Sensor 2 Delayed Response Lean to Rich Bank 2
• P013E - Heated Oxygen Sensor 2 Delayed Response Rich to Lean — Bank 1
CauseGM Engineering is attempting to determine the root cause of the above condition.
Engineering has a need to gather information on vehicles PRIOR to repair that may
exhibit this condition. As a result, this information will be used to "root cause" the
customer's concern and develop/validate a field fix.Subject:
Attention:
Page 2 January, 2025 Bulletin No.: PIE0815
6825871
6825873
There are two different conditions in which the above codes may set. One is with the
stock OE exhaust components (1) and the other is with an aftermarket non-OE exhaust
components (2), as shown in the pictures above.
Note: The different position of the O2 sensors.
Note: If the catalytic converters DO NOT  look like the ones shown above in the picture
(1), the catalytic converter could be considered suspect. Also, please inspect for any af-
termarket exhaust systems (2) as well.
Correction
Important: Service agents must comply with all International, Federal, State, Provincial, and/or Local laws
applicable to the activities it performs under this bulletin, including but not limited to handling, deploying,
preparing, classifying, packaging, marking, labeling, and shipping dangerous goods. In the event of a
conflict between the procedures set forth in this bulletin and the laws that apply to your dealership, you
must follow those applicable laws.
If you encounter a vehicle with the above concern, setting one or more of the following DTCs, Call the engineer
listed below with your findings and for further direction.
Bulletin No.: PIE0815 January, 2025 Page 3
GM bulletins are intended for use by professional technicians, NOT a "do-it-yourselfer" . They are written to inform these
technicians of conditions that may occur on some vehicles, or to provide information that could assist in the proper
service of a vehicle. Properly trained technicians have the equipment, tools, safety instructions, and know-how to do a job
properly and safely. If a condition is described, DO NOT assume that the bulletin applies to your vehicle, or that your
vehicle will have that condition. See your GM dealer for information on whether your vehicle may beneﬁt from the
information.
WE SUPPORT VOLUNTARY
TECHNICIAN
CERTIFICATIONDO NOT attempt to repair this concern if non-OE converters are found. Advise the customer that they need to return
the vehicle to original OE equipped components. If the converters and/or exhaust system are OE and there are no
other issues found, such as aftermarket calibrations per the latest version of Service Bulletin 09-06-04-026 etc., then
proceed with applicable SI diagnostic procedures.
Important: Having non-OE components installed could also result in a Powertrain warranty block.
Contact Information
Please include the following information if leaving a message:
- Technician name
- Dealer name and phone number
- Complete VIN and repair order (R.O) number
On the repair order, document the date and time the call was placed (even if the engineer was not reached).
If engineering is unable to return the call within one hour, proceed with diagnosis and repair based on information
found in SI.
Warranty Information
If an engineer was contacted or required information was provided, use:
Labor
OperationDescription Labor Time
4089448* Engineering Information -
(SES) Lamp Illuminated on
(DIC), DTCs P013F,
P014A, P014B and/or
P013E Set0.3 hr
*This is a unique Labor Operation for bulletin use only.
Version 1
Modified Released January 30, 2025The Contact Information has been redacted.