Copyright 2025 General Motors. All Rights Reserved.GM bulletins are intended for use by professional technicians, NOT a "do-it-yourselfer" . They are written to inform these
technicians of conditions that may occur on some vehicles, or to provide information that could assist in the proper
service of a vehicle. Properly trained technicians have the equipment, tools, safety instructions, and know-how to do a job
properly and safely. If a condition is described, DO NOT assume that the bulletin applies to your vehicle, or that your
vehicle will have that condition. See your GM dealer for information on whether your vehicle may beneﬁt from the
information.
WE SUPPORT VOLUNTARY
TECHNICIAN
CERTIFICATIONBulletin No.: 25-NA-035
Service BulletinDate: February, 2025
INFORMATION
2024 Silverado EV RST Sidewinder Available
 
Brand: Model: Model Year: VIN: Engine: Transmission:
from to from to
Chevrolet Silverado EV 2024 2024 - - All All
 
Involved Region or Country North America
Additional Options (RPOs) Equipped with Trim Package RST
Condition Sidewinder is now available for the 2024 Silverado RST.
CauseSidewinder builds off the already standard four-wheel steering capabilities of RST.
Accessed through the infotainment screen, Sidewinder enables all four wheels to turn in
the same direction, allowing the truck to move diagonally at speeds up to 20 mph.
CorrectionIf a customer comes to a dealer and is requesting the Sidewinder feature be enabled,
dealer technicians should update the vehicle software per bulletin 24-NA-143.Subject:
 
Important: Service agents must comply with all International, Federal, State, Provincial, and/or Local laws
applicable to the activities it performs under this bulletin, including but not limited to handling, deploying,
preparing, classifying, packaging, marking, labeling, and shipping dangerous goods. In the event of a
conflict between the procedures set forth in this bulletin and the laws that apply to your dealership, you
must follow those applicable laws.
Important: This technical service bulletin (TSB) can only be completed by certified repair facilities who have met all
specific training, tool, and equipment requirements pertaining to the vehicle Brand and Model serviced. Repairs must
be performed by a technician who has successfully completed the required training.
 
Version 1
Modified Released February 19, 2025