 
 Subarunet Announcement  
 
To: All Subaru Retailers  
From: Subaru of America, Inc.  
Date: February 11 , 2025  
 
UPDATE  Safety Recall  and Stop Sale : WRB-25 Incorrect Wheel Lug Seat Surface  
 
Service, Parts, and Claim Instructions  
As previously announced, one inspection tool  has been provided to each retailer , and the inspection 
procedure is included in that announcement.  The WR B-25 Product Campaign Bulletin will be  on STIS  
later this week . Please refer to the bulletin for more  detailed  information.  
 
VIN status  
The VIN status  for all vehicles  affected by this recall  will also be  updated to ‘Open’ to allow for 
inspections and, if necessary, repairs to begin.  
 
Owner Notification  
Subaru will notify affected vehicle owners by first class mail on February 28, 2025.  
 
Background  
Subaru of America, Inc. (Subaru) has initiated a safety recall for certain 202 5 model year Forester 
Limited vehicles  equipped with 18 -inch aluminum alloy wheels.   
 
Description of the Defect and Safety Risk  
The affected  vehicles may be equipped with 18 -inch aluminum alloy wheels manufactured with an 
incorrectly specified lug seat surface.  The incorrectly specified lug seat surface could affect vehicle 
stability, increasing the risk of a crash.  
 
Remedy  
For all potentially affected vehicles, Subaru retailers  will inspect all four wheels and replace any wheel(s) 
found to have an incorrectly specified lug seat surface with correctly manufactured one(s).  
 
Affected Vehicles  
A total o f 20,366  U.S. vehicles will be affected by th is recall , as listed below . Not all vehicles in the 
production range listed are affected by th is recall. Coverage must be confirmed by using the Vehicle 
Coverage Inquiry function on subarunet.com prior to repair.  
 
 
 
 Model Year  Carline  Production Date Range  
2025 Forester  Limited  April 5, 2024 – October 15, 2024  
 
 Retailer Responsibility  
Please be advised that it is a violation of Federal law for a dealer to deliver a new motor vehicle 
covered by a recall under a sale or lease until the defect is remedied. Therefore, any Authorized Subaru 
Retailer failing to perform the applicable service procedures to correct all affected vehicles in their 
inventory prior to the vehicle being placed in service may be subject to civil penalties of up to $ 27,874  
per violation (i.e., for each vehicle), as provided in 49 CFR §578.6 and will also be in breach of the 
Subaru Dealer Agreement.  
 
Any vehicles listed in any recall/campaign that are in retailer stock must be:  
• Immediately identified  
• Tagged or otherwise marked to prevent their delivery or use prior to repair  
• Repaired in accordance with the repair procedures outlined in the Product Campaign Bulletin  
 
Retailers are to promptly perform the applicable service procedures , to correct all affected vehicles in 
their inventory (used, demo & SSLP).  Whenever  a vehicle subject to this recall is taken into retailer 
inventory necessary steps should be taken to ensure the recall correction has been made before selling 
or releasing the vehicle.  
 