 
 Page 1 of 1 
  
TECHNICAL SERVICE OPERATIONS  
All rights reserved. Reproduction or translation in 
whole or in part is not permitted without 
authorization from the publisher. Printed in USA  MAS00 4559  © 202 5 Maserati North 
America. Aftersales  
www.maseratiusa.com   
 
 
 
MAS 004559  MTB 25-04 
Technical Information  
FROM : Maserati TSO      
TO: Maserati Network   
 
 
DATE : February  4 2025 
 
 
This Technical bulletin serves as a guide and provides additional info related to  a specific failure 
mode encountered on the DC/DC converter of the MHEV versions.  
 
SECTION: 08.20.4 Energy generation and accumulation  
MODEL: Grecale (M182)  MHEV version  (All MY)  
PROBLEM: The analyzes performed on a consistent  number of DC/DC converters returned from the field have highlighted 
a failure mode compatible with an electrical overstress attributable to a 12V reversal of polarity or to an incorrect 
sequence of operations performed during a  Jump start . 
 
The DTCs stored in APM associated with such a fault condition are of type P0A8FXX and most commonly one or a 
combination of the following:  
0A8F00 - Converter System Performance CC/CC  
0A8F05 -DC to DC Converter System Performance -Gate driver Supply 2  
0A8F07 -DC to DC Converter System Performance -Power supply low 3  
NOTE: MCPA could appear as non -communicating with MDEVO in conjunction with this anomaly even if properly 
functioning; therefore such a condition must not be further investigated . 
 
CAUSE:  The jump  start procedure available on the Owner’s manualk has not been correctly performed, causing a polarity 
reversal or electrical overstress due to an incorrect sequence of operations performed.  
ACTION : In case of handling a case technically compatible with  this failure mode  , we ask to verify the service history of 
the car and whether the customer has recently complained of an event 12V battery  discharged  with consequent jump  
start or if the car has been assisted by road assistance.  
Report through Blue on Line such information for proper attribution of technical root cause.  
NOTE : In accordance with the Warranty policies detailed  in the White Book, we remind you that all interventions for which 
the incorrect application of a technical procedure or negligence should be detected  could not be authorized under 
contractual warranty . 
Please do not hesitate to contact us for any questions you may have.  
Kind regards,  
 
 
TECHNICAL SERVICE OPERATIONS  
DC/DC Converter Failure  