 
 
  
 
1 
Service Campaign 9 B9: Key Fob Inspection/Replacement : Dealer Notification  
February  14, 202 5 
  
Document Topic  Date  
• Technical Service Bulletin (TSB) 25-01-011H  published  02/14/2025 
 
Campaign Description  
Certain IONIQ 5 (NEA EV) vehicles may have come with the incorrect key fob for the trim  
level. Follow the procedure in this bulletin to inspect and, if necessary, replace with the correct key fob s. 
 
Affected Vehicles  (Certain)  
• 2025MY IONIQ 5 (NEA EV) produced from 12/10/2024 – 01/24/2025  
 
Repair Process/Information  
Follow the service  procedure in TSB 2 5-01-011H  (or latest version) to inspect and, if necessary, replace with the 
correct key fob s. 
• Technician  Certification  Requirements:  Hyundai Certified  (or higher)  
 
Recommended Alternative Transportation  
A Service Rental Vehicle (SRC) should be provided to customers if their vehicle requires to be kept overnight. In 
addition, a SRC may be required based on the repair procedure duration and any other additional work on the 
vehicle that may need to be addressed during customer’s visit. If a SRC is not available, other options such as a 
3rd Party Rental or Rideshare may be provided.  
 
Other Notes/Recommendations  
• If a customer arrives to the dealer with no appointment scheduled, it is recommended for the dealer to 
offer alternative transportation to the customer.  
• If customer schedules an appointment in advance, ensure the appropriate tools and equipment are on 
hand to perform any related repairs.  
• Always inquire if the customer will have time for an additional service to be performed if they were 
originally scheduled for a different service.  
• Offer SRC assistance for customers who may be pressed on time.  
• Be honest with customers on wait times.  
• If the service is taking longer than expected, update the customer.  
 
Warranty Information  
Per TSB 2 5-01-011H  (or latest version) , this service campaign pays the following:  
• Labor:  
o 0.2 M/H for key fob s inspection  
o 0.6 M/H for key fobs inspection and r eplacement  
• Photos:  
o Refer to TSB 25 -01-011H  for the required pictures to be taken. Includes sample photos.  
  
Parts Information  
• Refer to  TSB 2 5-01-011H  (or latest version) for the latest parts information.  
• Factory has requested recovery of the key fobs initially supp lied at the time of retail.  Please ensure your 
Parts Department holds the parts . Do not discard them.  Further instruction on shipmen t from the 
Warranty Technical Center (WTC)  to the appropriate location  will be provided upon claim 
submission/approval.  
 
 
  
 
2 
 
 
 
Customer Talk Tracks  
1. For Customers with an appointment, but campaign is not part of originally scheduled services:  “I see 
that your vehicle has an open service campaign that we would like to take care of for you while you are here 
today. This service campaign re quires to inspect, and if necessary, replace with the correct key fob s. This 
service, of course, will be provided at no charge to you  and, i f necessary, we would like to offer you 
alternative transportation  while we repair  your vehicle . We apologize for the inconvenience.”  
 
2. For Walk -In Customer:  “During your visit today, I checked your vehicle for any open campaign or recalls 
and found that your vehicle has an open campaign . This service campaign requires to inspect, and if 
necessary, replace with the correct key fob s. This service, of course, will be provided at no charge to you  
and, if necessary, we would like to offer you alternative transportation while we repair your vehicle . We 
apologize for the inconvenience.”  
 
3. For customers over the phone:  “While I have you on the line and verifying your current appointment, I ran 
your VIN and see that your vehicle has an open campaign. This service campaign requires to inspect, and if 
necessary, replace with the correct key fob s. If time permits, we can address this campaign during your 
current appointment,  and it will be at no cost to you. Should you need, we can arrange for alternate 
transportation since this may prolong the stay of your vehicle at service. We apologize for the 
inconvenience. ” 
 
 
Best Practice Checklist  
Reservation:  Did you check WebDCS for additional campaigns or recalls?  Did you check for any declin ed 
services from previous visits?  
 Yes 

 
 
  
 
3 
 No – Please ensure all open campaign(s)/recall(s) are identified and completed by the dealership.  
Also ask customer if he/she would like to have any of the previous declined services performed.  
 
Readiness: Are key fobs  in stock to complete this campaign?  
 Yes 
 No – Please order the key fobs  from your corresponding PDC  as necessar y. If possible, place 
order ahead of time if customer has made an appointment in advance.  
 
 
Reception: Did the customer provide authorization to perform repairs?  
 Yes 
 No – Customer must be consulted and provide approval before proceeding with any repairs on 
their vehicle.  
 
Reception:  Did you explain to the customer the expected repair time based on the repair and set the 
expectation for a status update?  
 Yes 
 No – Customer should be given an estimated time of when his/her vehicle is completed so the 
customer can plan the rest of their day away from the dealership.  
 
Reception: Did you offer the customer Alternative Transportation if requested?  
 Yes 
 No - Customer should be offered alternative transportation if their vehicle  needs to be kept 
overnight . In addition, a SRC may be required based on the  repair procedure duration and any 
other additional work on the vehicle that may need to be addressed during customer’s visit.  
 
Repair:  Does the Technician meet the recommended training requirements  (Certified or above)  to 
complete this campaign?  
 Yes 
 No – Please ensure a technician with the recommended training level requirement(s)  completes 
this repair.  
 
Repair:  Were the appropriate picture(s) taken as outlined in TSB 2 5-01-011H (or latest version)?  
 Yes 
 No – Please ensure appropriate picture(s) are taken for the dealership to be paid. See TSB for 
sample photo(s). Refer to the latest Warranty Digital Documentation Policy for requirements.  
 
 
Return: Did you get the customer’s signature on all warranty lines in addition to the final RO?  
 Yes 
 No – Customer must sign  the final invoice upon delivery  of the vehicle  back to the customer.  
 
Customer FAQs  
Q1: What is the issue?  
A1: Certain IONIQ 5 (NEA EV) vehicles may have come with the incorrect key fob s for the  specified  trim  
level.  
 
Q2: What are the affected vehicles?  
A2: The following vehicles include certain  2025  model year  IONIQ 5 (NEA EV) produced from 12/10/2024 – 
01/24/2025 . 

 
 
  
 
4 
 
Q3: Wh y is this campaign being provided to me?  
A3: Certain IONIQ 5 (NEA EV) vehicles may have come with the incorrect key fob s for the trim  level .  
 
Q4: What will be done during service at the dealer?  
A4: The dealer will inspect and, if necessary, replace with the correct key fob s.  
 
Q5: When will affected customer(s) be notified of this campaign?  
A5: Customers will be notified  via First Class Mail in March 2025. 
 
Contact Reference  
Please see the following list of commonly referred to contacts. Thank you for your prompt attention to this 
important campaign  matter and continued commitment to Hyundai customers.  
  
 
 
  
 
5 
Key  Contact  Information  
Dealer Support  Contact  Information  Description  
Parts  HyundaiPartsHotline@MobisUSA.com  
1-800 -545-4515  Parts ordering hotline  
Techline  1‐800 ‐325‐6604  Vehicle  Technical  Support  for Hyundai  Dealer  
Technicians  
Warranty  HELP Line  1‐877‐446‐2922  Warranty  Claim  questions  for Hyundai  Dealers  
Warranty Prior  Approval  (PA) Center  PA@hmausa.com  Warranty Prior  Approval  (PA)  Center for Hyundai Dealers  
Xtime  Technical  Support  Support@xtime.com  
1‐866‐984‐6355  Assistance  with  Car Care  Scheduling:  
• Appointment / Shop  Capacity  Management / Campaign  
Integration /  Operation  Codes  
AutoLoop Technical Support  Support@autoloop.com  
1-877-850-2010  Assistance  with  Car Care  Scheduling:  
• Appointment / Shop  Capacity  Management / Campaign  
Integration /  Operation  Codes  
CDK Technical Support  https://serviceconnect.support.cdk.com/  Assistance  with  Car Care  Scheduling:  
• Appointment / Shop  Capacity  Management / Campaign  
Integration /  Operation  Codes  
Customer  Support  Contact  Information  Description  
Hyundai  Customer  Care  Center  
(Recall  / Campaign  Questions)  1‐855‐671‐3059  Customer  questions  or concerns  related  to recall or service 
campaigns  
Hyundai  Recall / Campaign  Website  www.hyundaiusa.com/recall     Updated information related to the specific recall or service 
campaign  
Hyundai  Customer  Care  
Center (General  Questions)  1‐800 ‐633‐5151 Customers general questions, non‐campaign related  
Hyundai  Roadside  Assistance  1-800 -243-7766  Hyundai  Roadside  Assistance  
Key  Reference  Information  
Name  Source  
Campaign Central  Consolidated repository of recall and service campaign dealer best practices.  Located on the service tab 
homepage in www.HyundaiDealer.com   
Car Care  Scheduling  (Xtime)  - Tutorials  www.HyundaiDealer.com  > Service  > Dealer  Resources  > DocumentsLibrary  > Car Care  Scheduling  
Car Care  Scheduling  (Xtime)  - Recall  
Appointment  Notification  1. Log into Xtime  
2. Under  the menu  at the top left, select  ‘CONFIGURE’  
3. Under  the dealership  tab, click  “EMAIL  COMMUNICATION”  
4. Slide  the toggle  to “ADVANCED”  
5. Populate  as many  e-mails  as desired  in the “PARTS  DESK  EMAIL  FIELD”  
Parts – Campaign Parts Management 
(CPM) Procedure  As applicable; www.HyundaiDealer.com  > Parts > Documents Library > Campaign Parts Management  
Service  Rental  Car (SRC) Program  SRC Documentation : www.HyundaiDealer.com  > Service tab > Documents Library > Service Rental Car  
TSD : www.HyundaiDealer.com  > Service tab > SRC Fleet Mgmt Software  
Insurance : www.HyundaiDealer.com  > Service tab > SRC Insurance  
Technical Service Bulletin (TSB)  www.HyundaiDealer.com  > Service tab > Hyundai Tech Info  
Uncompleted  Campaign  VIN Listing  
 A listing  of vehicles  is located  on WEBDCS >  SERVICE  tab >  select  UNCOMPLETED  CAMPAIGN  VIN LISTING  
– Dealer  Stock  (New, SRC, CPO, etc.) and Retailed.  
Recall  Campaign  Website  www.hyundaiusa.com/recal l  
   NHTSA  Website  www.safercar.gov  
 