SLINGSHOT
HELP CENTER
What can we help you find? SEARCH
Help Center Home  / Article
02/19/2025
2025 Slingshot Air Filter Inspection and Replacement
Requir ed Tools and Supplies
Vacuum
Eye Protection
Nitrile Gloves
Shop Rags
To inspect and replace the air filter on your Slingshot, follow these steps:
1. Park the vehicle on a flat, level surface, vehicles with AutoDrive leave in neutral, vehicles with
manual transmission, leave in gear. Then set the parking brake.
2. Open the hood by releasing the tab at the front of the hood to unlatch it and then pull up to lift2025 P olaris Slingshot | Air Filter Inspection and Replacement | Slingshot 2025 P olaris Slingshot | Air Filter Inspection and Replacement | Slingshot
the hood up.
3. Clean all dirt and debris from the air box area.
4. Unlatch the air box cover clips and carefully remove the air box cover.  Tip: Inspect the air box
cover seal for damage and replace if needed.
5. Remove the air filter from the air box.
6. Inspect the air filter. If needed, shake the filter to remove excess dirt. If the filter remains caked
with dirt, replace with filter with a new filter.
7. Continue by cleaning the inside of the airbox using a vacuum.  Note: Avoid using compressed air
for cleaning as dirt could enter the engine.
8. Reinstall the air filter, if clean or install a new air filter, if soiled.  Caution: Operating the vehicle
without the air filter installed can result in serious engine damage, which could result in an accident
and injury to the operator and others. Always make sure the air filter is installed.
9. Reinstall the air box cover and secure the clips.
10. Gently close the hood.
For more information, see your authorized Slingshot Dealer. Find a dealer near you with the  Dealer
Locator .
Maintenance tips, procedures and specifications can be found in your  Owner's Manual .
To find diagrams and replacement part numbers, use the  online parts catalog .
YouTube® is a r egistered trademark o f Google LL C
Unless not ed, tr ademarks ar e the pr operty of Polaris Industr ies Inc.
© 2025 P olaris Industr ies Inc.
Was this article helpful?
Yes, it answers my question
No, it's missing information or visuals
No, the instructions are unclear
No, What are the next steps?