Copyright 2025 General Motors. All Rights Reserved.GM bulletins are intended for use by professional technicians, NOT a "do-it-yourselfer" . They are written to inform these
technicians of conditions that may occur on some vehicles, or to provide information that could assist in the proper
service of a vehicle. Properly trained technicians have the equipment, tools, safety instructions, and know-how to do a job
properly and safely. If a condition is described, DO NOT assume that the bulletin applies to your vehicle, or that your
vehicle will have that condition. See your GM dealer for information on whether your vehicle may beneﬁt from the
information.
WE SUPPORT VOLUNTARY
TECHNICIAN
CERTIFICATIONBulletin No.: 25-NA-005
Service BulletinDate: January, 2025
INFORMATION
2024 Buick Envision with DTC P0420 Setting
Brand: Model: Model Year: VIN: Engine: Transmission:
from to from to
Buick Envision 2024 2024 — — — —
Involved Region or Country North America
ConditionSome customers may comment on a Check Engine lamp illuminated with no other
driveability issues.
Technicians may find DTC P0420 set current or in recent history.
Cause The causes of the condition may be due to a software issue.
CorrectionIf no other DTCs are present, clear DTC P0420.
Do not make any other repairs to the vehicle. Once the DTC is cleared, it should not
return.Subject:
Service Procedure
Important: Service agents must comply with all International, Federal, State, Provincial, and/or Local laws
applicable to the activities it performs under this bulletin, including but not limited to handling, deploying,
preparing, classifying, packaging, marking, labeling, and shipping dangerous goods. In the event of a
conflict between the procedures set forth in this bulletin and the laws that apply to your dealership, you
must follow those applicable laws.
Warranty Information
For vehicles repaired under the Emission coverage, use the following labor operation. Reference the Applicable
Warranties section of Investigate Vehicle History (IVH) for coverage information.
Labor Operation Description Labor Time
*2880017 Clear DTC P0420 with Check Engine Lamp 0.3 hr
*This is a unique Labor Operation for Bulletin use only.
Version 2
Modified Released January 08, 2025
Revised January 28, 2025 - Added unique Labor Operation.