1 
 
 
 
Units:  TriPac 3  (Non ATD Units Only ) 
Description:  Thermo King has updated the engine RPM to the  max limit  of 2540 RPM at no 
engine load for Non ATD units only .  
 
Note:  This update should be completed with CB776E,  
As of 12/2/24 units from the factory are set at end stop . 
 
Engine Speed Adjustment (Non ATD Units Only) : 
1. Turn the unit off.  
2. Open the APU front access door  and turn the engine switch to OFF . 
3. The governor lever and low speed limiting bolt are located on the side of the engine and 
accessible through the front access door.  
 
4. Loosen the jam nut (A) on the low speed limiting bolt (B).  Date:  January 13, 2025  
Subject:  TriPac 3 Engine RPM  Adjustment  for Non ATD Units Only  
Location:  e-Tech Library    Service  Bulletin  
  SB954-1 
 

2 
 5. Thread the low speed limiting bolt (B) inwards until the governor lever (C) gently touches the 
tamper -proof high speed limiting screw (D).  
Important :  
• DO NOT overtighten and preload the governor lever (C)  
  into the high speed limiting screw (D).  
 
• DO NOT tamper with the high speed limiting screw (D).  
 
6. Tighten the low speed limiting bolt jam nut (A)  to 5 ft-lbs (7 Nm).  
 
A. Jam N ut 
B. Low Speed Limiting Bolt  
C. Governor Lever  
D. Tamper -proof High Speed Limiting Screw (DO NOT ADJUST HERE)  
E. Thread Low Speed Bolt Inward Until the Governor Leve r Gently Contacts High Speed Limiting Screw  
 
7. Turn engine switch ON and c lose the front access door.  
8. Verify proper unit function when installation or service is complete:  
• Start the unit.  
• Verify engine RPM does NOT exceed 2540 +/ - 25 RPM. View the engine RPM using the 
HMI display or the WinTrac® Service Tool.  
• If RPMs exceed 2540 +/ - 25 RPM, loosen jam nut A, thread the low speed limiting bolt (B) 
outwards until the RPM  is 2540 +/ - 25 RPM.  
• Torque the low speed limiting bolt jam nut (A) to specification: 5 ft -lbs (7 Nm).  
Important:  Verify engine RPM at no load does NOT exceed 2540 +/ - 25 RPM. View the 
engine RPM using the HMI  display or the WinT rac® Service Tool.  
