SD-27-5170
DESCRIPTION
The Bendix® GSBC® M-50QR™ (Global Scalable Brake 
Control Quick Release Antilock Modulator), known 
hereafter as “modulator” or “M-50QR,” is a high-capacity, 
on/off air control device that incorporates a pair of electrical 
solenoids used for control of the service brakes when 
advanced braking system functions require individual 
brake control of the steer axle. GSBC-equipped vehicles 
have two modulators in total, which are used to precisely 
modulate the air in the service actuators on the steer axle.
The M-50QR consists of a die cast, anodized, metal and 
plastic body that houses two solenoids. One solenoid is 
normally open and when energized, exhausts air at the 
service actuator.  The other solenoid is a normally closed 
and when energized, holds back brake air from passing 
through the modulator from the control system to the 
service actuator. 
There are two threaded metric straight thread o-ring 
pneumatic ports. Both are M22 x 1.5 per the ISO-4039-2 
standard. 
The modulator is electrically controlled by the GSBC®  
EBS-90™ (Electronic Control Unit), known hereafter as 
“Central ECU,”  through an electrical connector that is 
ingress protection rated. Two through holes in the die cast 
metal body are provided for mounting. 
The supply and delivery ports on the modulators have 
embossed identification codes. See Figure 2.Bendix® GSBC® M-50QR™ (Global Scalable Brake Control Quick 
Release Antilock Modulator)
Figure 1 – GSBC® M-50QR™ Modulator
 
A change in vehicle braking characteristics or a 
dashboard warning lamp may indicate a malfunction 
in the braking system. Although the vehicle air brake 
system may continue to function, the vehicle should 
not be operated until the necessary repairs have been 
made by a qualified technician.
Always check the vehicle braking system for proper 
operation after performing service or maintenance and 
before returning the vehicle to service. TABLE OF CONTENTS
DESCRIPTION  .............................. 1 
M-50QR PNEUMATIC AND ELECTRICAL 
INTERFACES  ............................... 3 
GSBC SYSTEM SCHEMATIC EXAMPLE  ..........  4
OPERATION  ................................ 5
Functional Tests ........................... 6
TROUBLESHOOTING  ........................ 8
Software Troubleshooting  ................... 8
Test Preparation  .......................... 8
Pneumatic Tests ........................... 8
Leakage Test ............................ 10
Electrical Component and Harness Test  ....... 10
REPLACEMENT INSTRUCTIONS ............... 11
Modulator Removal  ....................... 11
Component Mounting ...................... 11
Modulator Installation ...................... 12
MAINTENANCE  ............................ 13
Cleaning ................................ 13
DTC AND SERVICE INFORMATION  ............ 14
Service Action Codes ...................... 16

2
SD-27-5170 Rev 000 Bendix® GSBC® M-50QR™ (Global Scalable Brake Control Quick Release Antilock Modulator)GENERAL SAFETY GUIDELINES
WARNING! PLEASE READ AND FOLLOW THESE INSTRUCTIONS
TO AVOID PERSONAL INJURY OR DEATH:
When working on or around a vehicle, the following guidelines should be observed AT ALL TIMES :
 ▲ Park the vehicle on a level surface, apply the 
parking brakes, and always block the wheels.  
Always wear personal protection equipment.  
 ▲Stop the engine and remove the ignition key 
when working under or around the vehicle.  
When working in the engine compartment, 
the  engine  should  be  shut  off   and  the  ignition 
key should be removed. Where circumstances 
require that the engine be in operation, EXTREME 
CAUTION  should be used to prevent personal 
injury resulting from contact with moving, 
rotating, leaking, heated, or electrically charged 
components.
 ▲Do not attempt to install, remove, disassemble, 
or assemble a component until you have read, 
and thoroughly understand, the recommended 
procedures. Use only the proper tools and 
observe all precautions pertaining to use of those 
tools.
 ▲If the work is being performed on the vehicle’s 
air brake system, or any auxiliary pressurized air 
systems, make certain to drain the air pressure 
from all reservoirs before beginning ANY  work 
on the vehicle.  If the vehicle is equipped with 
a Bendix® AD-IS® air dryer system, a Bendix® 
DRM™ dryer reservoir module, a Bendix® AD-9si®, 
AD-HF®, or AD-HFi® air dryer, be sure to drain the 
purge reservoir.
 ▲Following the vehicle manufacturer’s 
recommended procedures, deactivate the 
electrical system in a manner that safely removes 
all electrical power from the vehicle.
 ▲Never exceed manufacturer’s recommended 
pressures.   ▲Never connect or disconnect a hose or line 
containing pressure; it may whip and/or cause 
hazardous airborne dust and dirt particles. Wear 
eye protection. Slowly open connections with 
care, and verify that no pressure is present. Never 
remove a component or plug unless you are 
certain all system pressure has been depleted.
 ▲ Use only genuine Bendix® brand replacement 
parts, components, and kits. Replacement 
hardware, tubing, hose, fittings, wiring, etc. 
must be of equivalent size, type, and strength as 
original equipment and be designed specifi  cally 
for such applications and systems.
 ▲Components with stripped threads or damaged 
parts should be replaced rather than repaired.  
Do not attempt repairs requiring machining or 
welding unless specifi  cally stated and approved 
by the vehicle and component manufacturer.
 ▲Prior to returning the vehicle to service, make 
certain all components and systems are restored 
to their proper operating condition.
 ▲ For vehicles with Automatic Traction Control 
(ATC), the ATC function must be disabled (ATC 
indicator lamp should be ON) prior to performing 
any vehicle maintenance where one or more 
wheels on a drive axle are lifted off   the ground 
and moving.
 ▲The power MUST be temporarily disconnected 
from the radar sensor whenever any tests USING 
A DYNAMOMETER are conducted on a vehicle 
equipped with a Bendix® Wingman® system.
 ▲ You should consult the vehicle manufacturer's operating and service manuals, and any related literature, 
in conjunction with the Guidelines above.
 IMPORT ANT
Bendix®-brand Electronic Control Units (ECUs) are 
not designed to store data for purposes of accident 
reconstruction, and Bendix® ACom® Diagnostic 
Software is not intended to retrieve data for purposes 
of accident reconstruction. Bendix makes no 
representations as to the accuracy of data or video 
retrieved and interpreted from ECUs for purposes 
of accident reconstruction. Bendix does not offer 
accident reconstruction services or interpretation of 
stored data. Bendix ECUs are not protected from fire, 
loss of power, impact damage, or other conditions that 
may be sustained in a crash situation and may cause 
data to be unavailable or irretrievable.
3
SD-27-5170 Rev 000 Bendix® GSBC® M-50QR™ (Global Scalable Brake Control Quick Release Antilock Modulator)
Figure 2 – M-50QR Modulator Features
PIN NO. DESCRIPTION
1 Exhaust/Outlet
2 Common/Source
3 Hold/InletPORT FUNCTIONPORT 
THREADING
Port 1Supply 
(incoming air 
from steer axle 
1C EPM)M22 x 1.5  
ISO-4039-2
Port 2Delivery 
(air delivery 
to service 
actuators)M22 x 1.5  
ISO-4039-2
Port 3 Exhaust N/A
Figure 4 – M-50QR Modulator Electrical PinoutPort 2Port 1
Port 3 (Exhaust)Electrical 
Connector
Figure 3 – M-50QR Modulator Electrical 
Connection
Table 1 – M-50QR Pneumatic Port Information
Table 2 – M-50QR Electrical 
Pinout
Figure 5 – M-50QR Electronic and Pneumatic SchematicM-50QR PNEUMATIC AND ELECTRICAL INTERFACES
1
2
3
1
231 2 3Electronic Component  
Pneumatic Component
Electronic  
Pin 1: Exhaust/Outlet
Pin 2: Common/Source
Pin 3: Hold/Inlet
Pneumatics  
Port 1: Supply
Port 2: Delivery
Port 3: ExhaustNOTE: Refer to the fitting manufacturer’s torque 
specifications before tightening the fittings.
4
SD-27-5170 Rev 000 Bendix® GSBC® M-50QR™ (Global Scalable Brake Control Quick Release Antilock Modulator)Figure 6 – GSBC System Schematic (with Optional GSAT) Example*GSBC SYSTEM SCHEMATIC (WITH OPTIONAL GSAT) EXAMPLE
*This schematic is representative only and may differ from your vehicle. Verify your vehicle schematic with your OEM.  
NOTE: In most applications, the primary circuit is connected to the steer axle, and the secondary circuit is connected to the drive axle(s) 
unlike most conventional U.S. plumbing configurations.
ITEM COMPONENT ITEM COMPONENT ITEM COMPONENT
1 AIR COMPRESSOR 8FOUNDATION BRAKE WITH SERVICE 
CHAMBER15BENDIX® WS-24™ WHEEL SPEED 
SENSOR
2BENDIX® GSAT® AIR 
TREATMENT MODULE9FOUNDATION BRAKE WITH SPRING 
BRAKE CHAMBER16WHEEL SPEED SENSOR CLAMPING 
SLEEVE
3 PRIMARY RESERVOIR 10BENDIX® GSBC® FBM-40™ FOOT BRAKE 
MODULE17BENDIX® SAS-80™ STEER ANGLE 
SENSOR
4 SECONDARY RESERVOIR 11BENDIX® GSBC® EPM-90™ ONE CHANNEL 
ELECTRO-PNEUMATIC MODULE (EPM-1C)18BENDIX® GSBC® EBS-90™ CENTRAL 
ECU
5 DRAIN VALVE 12BENDIX® GSBC® EPM-90™ TWO CHANNEL 
ELECTRO-PNEUMATIC MODULE (EPM-2C)19BENDIX® GSBC® EBS-90™ CENTRAL 
ECU MUD COVER
6TRAILER CONTROL 
GLADHAND13BENDIX® GSBC® ETPCM-90™ ELECTRONIC 
TRAILER PRESSURE CONTROL MODULE20ELECTRONIC PARKING BRAKE 
HAND CONTROL UNIT (HCU)
7TRAILER SUPPLY 
GLADHAND14BENDIX® GSBC® M-50QR™ QUICK 
RELEASE ANTILOCK MODULATOR21 QUICK RELEASE VALVE (OPTIONAL)
Table 3 – GSBC System Schematic Example Components
121
220
319
418
5176
7
1581413
1110
12
58
14
1615161516 1516
9 9
9 9
1516 151612
5
SD-27-5170 Rev 000 Bendix® GSBC® M-50QR™ (Global Scalable Brake Control Quick Release Antilock Modulator)OPERATION
GENERAL
Table 4 shows the various operational modes of the 
modulator. The first four rows show normal vehicle braking 
where the modulator does not intervene. In the case of a 
rapid, non-antilock release of the brakes (e.g. if the driver 
releases the brakes after a severe brake application), 
the  modulator helps to rapidly release air from the brake 
chamber by providing a high-capacity exhaust path for 
released air close to the brake chamber. The final four rows 
show the actions taken during an antilock braking event.
NON-ANTILOCK BRAKE APPLICATION
During normal, non-antilock braking, both solenoids are de-
energized and do not modify the operation of the modulator. 
Brake application air enters the supply port of the modulator 
and flows to the exhaust diaphragm. Air pressure, along 
with spring force, seats the exhaust diaphragm on the 
exhaust passage, thus preventing the escape of service 
air. Simultaneously, application air flows to the supply 
diaphragm and forces it away from its seat. Air flows past 
the open supply diaphragm and out the modulator delivery 
port to the service brake chambers.
NON-ANTILOCK HOLD
When the desired air pressure is attained in the service 
brake chambers, the brake system is in the hold position. 
In the hold position, both solenoids in the modulator remain 
de-energized and the balance of the internal components 
remain in the same position as they assumed during 
application.
NON-ANTILOCK EXHAUST
The manner in which air exhausts through the modulator 
differs depends upon how rapidly the brake pedal is 
released by the driver.
Normal Exhaust  – During a normal, relatively “slow” 
brake release, air moves back through the modulator in 
the reverse direction as it flowed during application to 
the Foot Brake Module (for example, the Bendix® GSBC®  
FBM-40™). The internal components of the modulator 
will remain in the same position as they assumed during 
application until air pressure decreases to approximately APPLICATIONS
Modulators may be used for various purposes on a vehicle, 
including the Anti-lock Braking System (ABS) and stability 
interventions. For vehicles equipped with GSBC , the 
modulator is located on the steer axle and is typically the 
last component through which air passes on its way to the 
service brake actuator. See Figure 6 for an example GSBC 
system schematic.one half psi, at which time the supply diaphragm will seat 
on the supply passage. A relatively small amount of air 
will generally be expelled from the modulator exhaust port 
during “slow” brake release.
Quick Release Exhaust  – The quick release exhaust 
operation described in the following text occurs during a 
rapid brake release of the brake pedal. The quick release 
modulator will exhaust air differently when compared to a 
“slow” brake release. 
An example of this would be when a driver makes a 
significant brake application, then quickly lifts their foot 
from the brake pedal. During a rapid brake release, the 
air previously delivered to the brake chamber is vented 
through the modulator exhaust port as follows:
The bias valve moves to its closed position, closing the air 
return route to the FBM. Air pressure against the exhaust 
diaphragm within the modulator overcomes the spring force 
and allows air to exhaust through the modulator exhaust 
port. Residual air pressure between the bias valve and the 
1-Channel Electro-Pneumatic Module (1C EPM) flows back 
to the 1C EPM exhaust.
ANTILOCK OPERATION
If a service brake application is made and the GSBC  system 
detects an impending wheel lockup, the Central ECU will 
intervene in the brake application using the modulator.
In order to modulate the brake application, the coils of the 
two solenoids contained in the modulator are energized or 
de-energized in a preprogrammed sequence by the Central 
ECU. When a solenoid coil is energized, and depending 
whether the exhaust or hold solenoid is energized, it either 
opens or closes, thereby causing air to flow into, out of, 
or be held at the brake actuator. The solenoids in the 
modulator are controlled independently by the Central ECU.
An experienced driver (of a vehicle without ABS) who 
encounters wheel lock-up may sometimes “pump the 
brakes” in order to attempt to prevent wheel lock-up and 
maintain vehicle control. In the case of an ABS braking 
system, the driver does not need to “pump the brakes” 
since the Central ECU is able to apply and release the 
brakes at individual wheels using the modulators, with far 
greater speed and accuracy. 
6
SD-27-5170 Rev 000 Bendix® GSBC® M-50QR™ (Global Scalable Brake Control Quick Release Antilock Modulator)OPERATION (CONT.)
ANTILOCK EXHAUST 
When wheel lock is detected or imminent, the Central 
ECU energizes the supply and exhaust solenoids in the 
modulator. 
Energizing the supply solenoid allows application air to flow 
to the control side of the supply diaphragm. Air pressure 
acting on the supply diaphragm, along with the spring force, 
enables the diaphragm to prevent further delivery of air to 
the brake chamber.
Energizing the exhaust solenoid vents the air normally 
applied to the control side of the exhaust diaphragm to 
atmosphere to keep the diaphragm closed. Air pressure 
acting on the exhaust diaphragm overcomes the spring 
force, unseats the diaphragm, and allows air to exhaust 
through the exhaust port.
ANTILOCK HOLD MODE
The Central ECU will place the modulator in the hold 
position when it senses that the correct wheel speed 
(braking force) has been attained. The Central ECU 
will also place the modulator in the hold position, prior 
to entering the reapply mode, when it detects recovery 
from a locked wheel condition. In this mode of operation, 
the modulator supply solenoid remains energized while 
the exhaust solenoid returns to its normal, de-energized 
position. The exhaust solenoid allows application air to flow 
to the control side of the exhaust diaphragm, which then 
seals the exhaust passage. With the exhaust diaphragm 
seated, further exhaust of brake chamber air pressure is 
prevented. 
Because the supply solenoid remains energized, the supply 
diaphragm remains seated, thus preventing application 
air from flowing to the delivery port and out to the brake 
chamber. The modulator can enter both the antilock 
exhaust or reapply mode from the antilock hold mode 
depending on the commands from the Central ECU.
ANTILOCK “REAPPLY” MODE
If the Central ECU senses that wheel speed has increased 
sufficiently enough to allow reapplication of braking 
pressure without further wheel lock-up, it de-energizes the 
supply solenoid. With both solenoids de-energized, the 
modulator allows air to flow from the FBM, which reapplies 
air to the brakes in the same manner it does when not in 
an antilock event.FUNCTIONAL TESTS
POWER ON SELF TEST (POST) SEQUENCE/CHUFF 
TEST
When the GSBC  system is first powered on with the ignition 
key, the system will conduct a Power On Self Test (POST). 
This is a brief self-check that the system performs to check 
for basic operation of the system, components, internal 
software, and communications functions.
NOTE:  For experienced drivers familiar with the Bendix 
“Chuff” test for previous brake control systems, the 
modulators do not perform a chuff test and will not click 
during the POST sequence for a GSBC  system. 
This POST test performs a similar function, but only the 
solenoids in the EPM (for example, the Bendix® GSBC® 
EPM-90™) will operate, resulting in an audible clicking 
noise. This means that the Chuff test sound of modulator 
solenoids clicking during key on will not be present. The lack 
of a clicking sound(s) during key on from the modulators 
does not indicate a problem with the brake control system 
or its operation. For more information about the EPM, refer 
to SD-27-5031, Bendix® GSBC® EPM-90™ Service Data 
sheet on B2Bendix.com . For more information about the 
GSBC  system operation, refer to BW8207, Bendix® GSBC® 
Operator’s Manual on B2Bendix.com.
7
SD-27-5170 Rev 000 Bendix® GSBC® M-50QR™ (Global Scalable Brake Control Quick Release Antilock Modulator)OPERATION (CONT.)
ModeHold 
Solenoid 
StateExhaust 
Solenoid 
StateDescriptionNormal BrakingNormal, 
Non-Antilock, 
Brake ApplicationDe-energized De-energizedAir pressure supplied to the modulator exits the modulator 
delivery port and flows to the service brake chambers.
Non-Antilock 
HoldDe-energized De-energizedWhen the desired air pressure is attained in the service 
brake chambers, the air pressure in the system levels off.
Normal, 
Non-Antilock, 
Relatively “slow” 
Brake ReleaseDe-energized De-energizedAir from the brake chambers moves back through the 
modulator in the opposite direction that it flowed during 
application. Simultaneously, a small amount of air will 
generally be expelled from the modulator exhaust port.
Rapid, 
Non-Antilock, 
Exhaust 
(e.g., the driver 
releases the 
brakes after a 
severe brake 
application)De-energized De-energizedThe internal bias piston blocks air from the brake chamber 
from moving back through the modulator. Instead, all the 
air is exhausted out the modulator exhaust port.Antilock BrakingAntilock Apply De-energized De-energizedAir pressure supplied to the modulator exits the modulator 
delivery port and flows to the service brake chambers.
Antilock Hold Energized De-energizedThe modulator prevents supply air from passing through 
the modulator and, at the same time, prevents air from the 
brake chambers from exhausting. 
Antilock Exhaust Energized EnergizedAir from the brake chambers exhausts through the 
modulator exhaust port. 
Antilock 
"Reapply"De-energized De-energizedThe modulator reapplies air to the brakes in the same 
manner it did during a non-antilock event. 
Table 4 - M-50QR Modulator Operational Modes
8
SD-27-5170 Rev 000 Bendix® GSBC® M-50QR™ (Global Scalable Brake Control Quick Release Antilock Modulator)TROUBLESHOOTING
SOFTWARE TROUBLESHOOTING
The GSBC  system will log Diagnostic Trouble Codes 
(DTCs) when a fault is detected. Depending on the severity 
of the DTC and which features are impacted, one or more 
warning lamps may be displayed to the driver on the 
dashboard. More information on the GSBC  system can be 
found on B2Bendix.com. 
To appropriately diagnose, troubleshoot, and repair faults, 
connect to the vehicle using Bendix® ACom® Diagnostic 
Software (if supported by your manufacturer) or an 
appropriate OEM diagnostic software. The diagnostic 
software should display the DTC as well as troubleshooting 
information to diagnose, confirm, and repair the fault 
causing the warning lamp or DTC. Refer to page 14  for a 
DTC list impacting the modulator.
TEST PREPARATION
Prior to conducting any troubleshooting testing, perform 
the following steps:
1. Ensure that the vehicle is in a location where it can 
be safely worked on.
2. Refer to the General Safety Guidelines  on page 2 
before performing any work on the vehicle.
3. Scan for any active faults in the GSBC  system 
using the appropriate diagnostic tool and save 
the results. 
NOTE: Before performing any troubleshooting procedures, 
check that the modulator is clean and clear of debris per 
the Maintenance  section of this document. IMPORT ANTPNEUMATIC TESTS 
This test procedure confirms that the modulator is receiving 
control pressure and is responding appropriately to driver 
braking requests.
Before performing this test, ensure that the braking 
system is operating in Electronic Mode. This test can 
not be completed successfully if the braking system 
is not in Electronic Mode. Typically, a red “EBS” or 
“BRAKE” warning lamp on the dashboard is indicative 
of a braking system that is not operating in Electronic 
Mode.
Diagnose and repair any faults preventing the system 
from entering Electronic Mode prior to continuing this 
test.
NOTE:  During all tests, listen for audible leaks. If audible 
leaks are observed, refer to the next section to troubleshoot 
leakage. 
To perform the pneumatic test for the modulator, complete 
the following steps:
1. Chock the wheels on the vehicle to prevent 
untended movement.
2. Turn the vehicle on and build the air system 
pressure to governor cut-out. 
3. Confirm that the vehicle is in Electronic Mode. If the 
system faults, read the troubleshooting code using 
the appropriate diagnostic software. Troubleshoot 
the faulted component using the applicable service 
data sheet available on B2Bendix.com. 
4. With the engine off and ignition power on, make a 
series of light brake applications.
5. Check for any system-generated faults using 
Bendix ACom Diagnostic Software or the 
appropriate OEM service tool.
6. Park the truck, turn off the ignition, and drain all 
reservoirs on the truck.
Be sure to remove all supply air from the system prior 
to installing any pressure sensors into the air sytem. 
Failure to do so can result in injury.
7. Temporarily tee two pressure gauges into the air 
lines immediately adjacent to the modulator under 
test: at the inlet port (port 1) and delivery port  
(port 2) of the modulator. 
9
SD-27-5170 Rev 000 Bendix® GSBC® M-50QR™ (Global Scalable Brake Control Quick Release Antilock Modulator)TROUBLESHOOTING (CONT.)
PNEUMATIC TESTS (CONT.)
8. Restart the truck and build air system pressure to 
governor cut-out.
9. While monitoring the pressures at ports 1 and 
2, using the pressure gauges installed in Step 
7, apply and release the service brakes using 
the brake pedal several times. The supply and 
delivery pressures should be roughly proportional 
to the movement of the brake pedal and equal to 
each other.
 »If the pressures are not equal to each other or 
do not follow the movement of the brake pedal, 
perform Step 10  (a through d).
10. Make a quick application followed by a quick 
release of the service brake.
a. During the service brake application, pressures 
on both sides of the modulator should be roughly 
equivalent and proportional to the position of the 
brake pedal.
 »If the measured delivery pressure does 
not match the supply pressure during 
service brake application or release, check 
that the exhaust port on the modulator 
is clean and clear of debris. Refer to the 
Maintenance  section of this document for 
more information.
 »If the exhaust is clear and performance 
does not improve, replace the modulator.
b. If both measured pressures move together and rise 
slowly, and both drop slowly in comparison to the 
release of the brake pedal, the issue is unlikely to 
be with the modulator. Inspect the components and 
plumbing between the modulator and the brake 
pedal. For example:
 »Check the air lines between the 1C EPM 
and the modulator for kinks, obstructions, 
or blockages. Remove and replace any 
obstructed or damaged airlines that are 
discovered.
 »Check the air lines between FBM and 
the 1C EPM for kinks, obstructions, or 
blockages. Remove and replace any 
obstructed or damaged airlines that are 
discovered.
 »Check the exhaust port and muffler on 
the 1C EPM controlling the steer axle are 
also clean and clear of debris. For more 
information about troubleshooting the  
1C EPM, refer to SD-27-5031 on 
B2Bendix.com. »Check that the exhaust port and muffler on 
the FBM is clean and clear of debris per 
SD-27-5028 on B2Bendix.com .
 »Inspect the brake pedal assembly for 
proper operation per the vehicle OEM’s 
maintenance instructions.
 »Check the volume between the modulator 
and the service chamber for leaks. A leak 
large enough to slow the rise of pressure 
on the gauge would likely be significant 
and audible.
NOTE:  Remember to check both sides of 
the vehicle, including the side that was not 
instrumented with gauges.
c. If both measured pressures move together and fall 
slowly, and both drop slowly in comparison to the 
release of the brake pedal, the issue is unlikely to 
be with the modulator. Inspect the components and 
plumbing between the modulator and the brake 
pedal. For example:
 »Check the air lines between the 1C EPM 
and the modulator for kinks, obstructions, 
or blockages. Remove and replace any 
obstructed or damaged airlines that are 
discovered.
 »Check the air lines between the FBM 
and the 1C EPM for kinks, obstructions, 
or blockages. Remove and replace any 
obstructed or damaged airlines that are 
discovered.
 »Check the exhaust port and muffler on 
the 1C EPM controlling the steer axle are 
also clean and clear of debris. For more 
information about troubleshooting the  
1C EPM, refer to SD-27-5031 on 
B2Bendix.com.
 »Check that the exhaust port and muffler on 
the FBM is clean and clear of debris per 
SD-27-5028 on B2Bendix.com .
 »Inspect the brake pedal assembly for 
proper operation per the vehicle OEM’s 
maintenance instructions.
d. During all tests, listen for audible leaks. If audible 
leaks are observed, refer to the next section to 
troubleshoot leakage.
11. When diagnostic tests have been completed, 
return the system to the initial configuration by 
removing any diagnostic pressure gauges from 
the air system and ensuring all electrical and 
pneumatic connections have been reconnected 
appropriately. 
10
SD-27-5170 Rev 000 Bendix® GSBC® M-50QR™ (Global Scalable Brake Control Quick Release Antilock Modulator)TROUBLESHOOTING (CONT.)
LEAKAGE TEST
NOTE:  This test typically requires two people to efficiently
conduct the test.
MODULATOR LEAKAGE TEST
To perform the leakage test for the modulator, complete 
the following steps:
1. Ensure that the test preparation procedure has 
been completed.
2. Park the vehicle on a level surface and chock the 
wheels.
3. Turn the vehicle on and build the air system 
pressure to governor cut-out.
4. Make and hold a full service brake application 
using the brake pedal.
5. While continuing to hold the service brake 
application, have a helper apply a soapy water 
solution to the body of the modulator, the 
pneumatic ports, and the exhaust port.
NOTE: The brake pedal must be held in a steady 
applied state during this test. Moving the brake pedal 
during the test could result in air movement. This 
is normal operation, but could be misdiagnosed as 
leakage.
a. If bubbles accumulate near any of the 
pneumatic fittings, check to see that the fitting 
is torqued to the correct value. Refer to Table 1  
on page 3 for torque information . Bubble 
diameter(s) should not exceed a one-inch 
(1-in.) bubble in less than three (3) seconds.
 »If the fitting is torqued to the correct value 
and the port continues to leak, replace 
the fitting. 
 »If the modulator continues to leak after 
a replacement fitting has been installed 
and correctly torqued, the modulator is 
damaged and must be replaced.
b. If bubbles accumulate anywhere on the body 
of the modulator, bubble diameter(s) should 
not exceed a one-inch (1-in.) bubble in less 
than three (3) seconds.
 »If bubbles exceed this size/rate, the 
modulator is damaged and must be 
replaced.
c. If bubbles accumulate near the exhaust port, 
bubble diameter(s) should not exceed a 
one-inch (1-in.) bubble in less than three (3) 
seconds.
 »If bubbles exceed this size/rate, the 
modulator is damaged and must be 
replaced.6. To complete the test, release the service brakes, 
ensure that the vehicle remains parked, and 
remove any wheel chocks that were placed to hold 
the vehicle stationary.
NOTE:  If the modulator does not function as described, 
or if the leakage is excessive, it is recommended that the 
modulator be replaced with new genuine Bendix parts, 
available from any authorized Bendix parts outlet.
This test procedure confirms that the internal electronics 
on the modulator are not damaged.
 
ELECTRICAL COMPONENT AND HARNESS 
TEST
To perform the electrical test for the modulator, complete 
the following steps:
1. Turn the vehicle off, park the vehicle, and chock the 
vehicle’s wheels to prevent unintended movement.
2. Disconnect the battery from the vehicle to render 
the electrical system safe to work on. 
3. Identify the modulator being tested. 
4. Disconnect the wiring harness from the modulator.
5. On the electrical connector on the body of the 
modulator, measure the resistance between the 
following pins. The measured values should be 
as follows:
6. If any measurement is outside the allowable range, 
replace the modulator. 
7. With the modulator mounted to the vehicle and still 
disconnected from the vehicle harness, measure 
continuity between each pin and vehicle ground. 
There should be no continuity between vehicle 
ground and any modulator pin. If continuity is 
present, replace the modulator.
8. With the modulator still disconnected from the 
vehicle harness, measure continuity between 
each pin on the vehicle harness and vehicle 
ground. There should be no continuity between 
vehicle ground and any harness pin. If continuity 
is measured, follow the vehicle OEM procedure for 
troubleshooting and diagnosing a wiring harness 
short to ground. PINS TO MEASURE MEASURED RESISTANCE
HOLD (pin 3) to  
COMMON (pin 2)19.9 +/-3 ohms
EXHAUST (pin 1) to 
COMMON (pin 2)19.9 +/-3 ohms
EXHAUST (pin 1) to 
HOLD (pin 3)39.8 +/-6 ohms
Table 5 – M-50QR Electrical Connector Resistance
11
SD-27-5170 Rev 000 Bendix® GSBC® M-50QR™ (Global Scalable Brake Control Quick Release Antilock Modulator)REPLACEMENT INSTRUCTIONS
The modulator is designed to not require internal  
maintenance and there are no user-serviceable components  
located inside the modulator.
Disassembly of the modulator will void the compo -
nent warranty, and Bendix will not provide technical 
support or service parts for components internal to 
the modulator.
NOTE: If the modulator does not function correctly, it is 
recommended that the modulator be replaced with new  
genuine Bendix parts, available at any authorized Bendix 
parts outlet.
MODULATOR REMOVAL 
To remove the modulator from the vehicle, complete the 
following steps:
1. Turn the vehicle off, park the vehicle, and chock the 
vehicle’s wheels to prevent unintended movement.
2. Drain air from the primary and secondary 
reservoirs. Refer to OEM service manuals for 
detailed instructions.
3. Prior to disassembly, remove as much 
contamination as possible from the exterior of the 
device, taking care to keep all contamination from 
entering the open ports. 
4. Prior to removing the modulator from the vehicle, 
take a photo of the current modulator location and 
orientation for reference during the replacement 
steps. Additionally, mark or otherwise identify 
air hoses and electrical connectors to aid in 
installation of the new modulator.
5. Disconnect the air hoses from the modulator.
NOTE: Depending on the type of pneumatic fittings 
used, special tools may be required. Refer to OEM 
service manual.
6. Disconnect the electrical connector from the 
modulator.
7. Remove pneumatic fittings from the modulator and 
inspect them for damage or debris. Replace any 
damaged fittings as necessary.
8. Remove and retain the mounting bolts for use in 
the installation.COMPONENT MOUNTING
Modulators are mounted rigidly to the vehicle. Depending 
on the vehicle, the modulator may be mounted directly to 
the frame or to a bracket.
If the modulator has been removed from the vehicle for 
any reason, the modulator must be reinstalled in the same 
mounting location and, if present, using the same bracketry 
that was originally installed on the vehicle.
The modulator must be mounted to minimize the  
possibility of accumulated debris on the silencer. 
The modulator exhaust must have a minimum of  
one inch (1-in.) clearance from all obstructions. The 
exhaust port must not be covered or painted over.
Failure to properly mount the modulator could 
cause exhaust port blockage, resulting in irregular  
performance of the GSBC  system. Irregular  
performance of the GSBC  system may result in  
potential collisions, property damage, personal injury, 
or death.  IMPORT ANT
12
SD-27-5170 Rev 000 Bendix® GSBC® M-50QR™ (Global Scalable Brake Control Quick Release Antilock Modulator)REPLACEMENT INSTRUCTIONS (CONT.)
MODULATOR INSTALLATION
To install the modulator on the vehicle, complete the 
following steps:
1. Clean and inspect all air hoses for damage and 
replace as necessary.
2. Install the pneumatic fittings on the new modulator. 
Refer to the fitting manufacturer’s torque 
specifications before tightening the fittings. Do 
not exceed maximum torque on pneumatic fittings. 
NOTE:  All pneumatic fitting ports on the modulator 
are metric. Be sure to use only metric straight 
thread o-ring fittings on this component. Failure 
to use the correct fittings may result in air leakage 
and permanent damage to the component.
Do not use thread sealant for modulator fittings. 
Modulator threads do not use sealant. The seal is 
provided by an o-ring on the outside of the fitting.
3. Refer to photo taken in Step 4 of the Modulator 
Removal section  for the correct orientation of the 
modulator on the bracket and/or vehicle. 
4. Install the modulator and tighten the mounting bolts 
set aside from the Modulator Removal  process. 
For fitting torque and replacement information for 
the mounting hardware, contact the vehicle OEM. 
5. Connect the airlines to the modulator.
6. Reconnect the electrical harness connection.
7. Reconnect the vehicle battery.
8. Turn the vehicle on and build the air system 
pressure to governor cut-out.
9. Ensure that there are no warning lamps or DTCs 
active that are related to the replaced modulator.
10. Make and hold a full service brake application 
and check for air leaks. If any air leaks are found, 
troubleshoot the issue using the Leakage Test on 
page 10 .
11. Once installation is complete, run the Functional 
Tests on page 6  to verify proper modulator 
operation.After removal and replacement of the modulator, to 
prevent impaired GSBC system functions, it is the 
responsibility of the end-user to ensure the modulator 
has been installed correctly and tested to confirm 
functionality.
A change in vehicle braking characteristics or a 
dashboard warning lamp may indicate a malfunction 
in the braking system. Although the vehicle air brake 
system may continue to function, the vehicle should 
not be operated until the necessary repairs have been 
made by a qualified technician.
Always check the vehicle braking system for proper 
operation after performing service or maintenance and 
before returning the vehicle to service. IMPORT ANT
 
13
SD-27-5170 Rev 000 Bendix® GSBC® M-50QR™ (Global Scalable Brake Control Quick Release Antilock Modulator)MAINTENANCE
GENERAL
Visually inspect the modulator as part of regular vehicle 
scheduled maintenance and pre-trip inspection. If the 
modulator appears damaged, or shows signs of failure, 
such as audible leakage or software DTCs, troubleshoot 
the component and replace as necessary.
 
Review the Bendix Warranty Policy before performing 
any intrusive maintenance procedures. A warranty 
may be voided if intrusive maintenance is performed 
during the warranty period. No two vehicles 
operate under identical conditions; as a result, 
maintenance intervals may vary. Experience is a 
valuable guide in determining the best maintenance 
interval for air brake system components. At a 
minimum, the EPM should be inspected every  
6 months or 1500 operating hours, whichever comes 
first, for proper operation. Should the EPM not meet 
the standards of the operational tests noted in this 
document, further investigation may be required. 
The M-50QR is designed not to require maintenance, 
and there are no user-serviceable components located 
inside the modulator. Disassembly of the device will 
void the component warranty and Bendix will not 
provide technical support or replacement components 
for components internal to the modulator. 
Be cautious while using a pressure washer to clean 
components. Appropriate Personal Protective 
Equipment (PPE) is recommended (e.g., eye protection) 
while using a pressure washer. Failure to use PPE 
could result in personal injury. Rubber parts, sealing 
interfaces, and electrical components or covers should 
not be directly sprayed with the high-pressure jet. 
Failure to use caution when performing maintenance 
could lead to serious vehicle braking, instability and 
performance issues, and/or collisions .CLEANING
Clean the exterior of the modulator and remove debris 
and contamination. The preferred method for cleaning the 
modulator of dirt, grit, salt, or other build-up is water with 
a gentle brush. It is permissible to use a gentle detergent, 
but acid or chemical cleaners should be avoided. It is also 
permissible to use a pressure washer, but the technician 
should be careful not to hold the pressure washer close 
to the modulator, use excessive pressure, or spray water 
directly at the exhaust port.
 IMPORT ANT
 IMPORT ANTAccumulation of road debris on the modulator 
may cause blockage of the exhaust port. Failure to  
properly maintain the exhaust port could cause 
exhaust port blockage, resulting in irregular  
performance of the  GSBC  system. Irregular  
performance of the  GSBC  system may result in  
potential collisions, property damage, personal injury, 
or death. 
14
SD-27-5170 Rev 000 Bendix® GSBC® M-50QR™ (Global Scalable Brake Control Quick Release Antilock Modulator)DIAGNOSTIC TROUBLE CODE (DTC) AND SERVICE INFORMATION
DTCSPN  
(J1939)FMI 
(J1939)DTC NAME DTC DESCRIPTIONGO TO 
SERVICE 
ACTION CODE 
LISTED IN 
TABLE 7
0x500511 20485 17Pressure Control Valve: Circuit 
Short To GroundModulator common low side shorted to ground 
or short circuit.A
0x500512 20485 18Pressure Control Valve: Circuit 
Short To BatteryModulator common low side shorted to battery. B
0x500513 20485 19Pressure Control Valve: Circuit 
Open Modulator common low side open circuit  
or broken wire.C
0x500549 20485 73Pressure Control Valve: 
Internal Electronic FailurePower to HW component (Modulator)  
can not be switched off.D
0x50054B 20485 75Pressure Control Valve: Over 
TemperatureModulator activated for extended  
amount of time.E
0x500595 20485 149Pressure Control Valve: 
Incorrect AssemblyModulator common low side shorted to other 
valve or hardware defect.F
0x509F35 20639 53Axle 1, Left Wheel, Pressure 
Control Valve: Signal High 
Time Greater Than MaximumThe error is set if modulator activation duration 
exceeds a pre-set limit.G
0x50A035 20640 53Axle 1, Right Wheel, Pressure 
Control Valve: Signal High 
Time Greater Than MaximumThe error is set if modulator activation duration 
exceeds a pre-set limit.G
0x50A511 20645 17Axle 1, Left Wheel, Pressure 
Control Valve, Inlet Valve: 
Circuit Short To GroundShort from modulator inlet valve pin to ground. H
0x50A512 20645 18Axle 1, Left Wheel, Pressure 
Control Valve, Inlet Valve: 
Circuit Short To BatteryShort from modulator inlet valve pin  
to battery voltage.J
0x50A518 20645 24Axle 1, Left Wheel, Pressure 
Control Valve, Inlet Valve: 
Circuit Current Below 
ThresholdOpen circuit or broken wire on modulator  
inlet valve pin.K
0x50A52B 20645 43Axle 1, Left Wheel, Pressure 
Control Valve, Inlet Valve: 
Signal Cross CoupledModulators on opposite sides of vehicle are 
shorted together.M
0x50A611 20646 17Axle 1, Right Wheel, Pressure 
Control Valve, Inlet Valve: 
Circuit Short To GroundShort from modulator inlet valve pin to ground. HDIAGNOSTIC TROUBLE CODE (DTC) STORAGE / EVENT HISTORY
The GSBC  system and Bendix ACom Diagnostic Software retain a record of all Diagnostic Trouble Codes (DTCs). This 
record is commonly referred to as “event history.” When a DTC self-heals or is manually cleared, the DTC code remains 
in event history as an inactive DTC.
The GSBC  system is supported by ACom Diagnostic Software. Visit B2Bendix.com  for additional information or to 
purchase ACom Diagnostic Software.
FOR ALL REPAIR STEPS, FIRST COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING: 
1. Generate a Bendix ACom Diagnostic Software report. 
2. Clear Diagnostic Trouble Codes (DTCs). 
3. Continue with repair information for each active DTC that will not clear.
NOTE: After completing all repair steps, drive the vehicle to ensure the repairs were sufficient. 
4. Once repairs have been made, clear the DTCs again. IMPORT ANT
Table 6 – M-50QR Diagnostic Trouble Codes (DTCs)
15
SD-27-5170 Rev 000 Bendix® GSBC® M-50QR™ (Global Scalable Brake Control Quick Release Antilock Modulator)DTCSPN  
(J1939)FMI 
(J1939)DTC NAME DTC DESCRIPTIONGO TO 
SERVICE 
ACTION CODE 
LISTED IN 
TABLE 7
0x50A612 20646 18Axle 1, Right Wheel, Pressure 
Control Valve, Inlet Valve: 
Circuit Short To BatteryShort from modulator inlet valve pin  
to battery voltage.J
0x50A618 20646 24Axle 1, Right Wheel, Pressure 
Control Valve, Inlet Valve: 
Circuit Current Below 
ThresholdOpen circuit or broken wire on modulator  
inlet valve pin.K
0x50A62B 20646 43Axle 1, Right Wheel, Pressure 
Control Valve, Inlet Valve: 
Signal Cross CoupledModulators on opposite sides of vehicle  
are shorted together.M
0x50A711 20647 17Axle 1, Left Wheel, Pressure 
Control Valve, Outlet Valve: 
Circuit Short To GroundShort from modulator outlet valve pin  
to ground.H
0x50A712 20647 18Axle 1, Left Wheel, Pressure 
Control Valve, Outlet Valve: 
Circuit Short To BatteryShort from modulator outlet valve pin to battery 
voltage.N
0x50A718 20647 24Axle 1, Left Wheel, Pressure 
Control Valve, Outlet Valve: 
Circuit Current Below 
ThresholdOpen circuit or broken wire on modulator  
outlet valve pin.L
0x50A72B 20647 43Axle 1, Left Wheel, Pressure 
Control Valve, Outlet Valve: 
Signal Cross CoupledModulators on opposite sides of vehicle  
are shorted together.M
0x50A811 20648 17Axle 1, Right Wheel, Pressure 
Control Valve, Outlet Valve: 
Circuit Short To GroundShort from modulator outlet valve pin  
to ground.H
0x50A812 20648 18Axle 1, Right Wheel, Pressure 
Control Valve, Outlet Valve: 
Circuit Short To BatteryShort from modulator outlet valve pin  
to battery voltage.N
0x50A818 20648 24Axle 1, Right Wheel, Pressure 
Control Valve, Outlet Valve: 
Circuit Current Below 
ThresholdOpen circuit or broken wire on modulator  
outlet valve pin.L
0x50A82B 20648 43Axle 1, Right Wheel, Pressure 
Control Valve, Outlet Valve: 
Signal Cross CoupledModulators on opposite sides of vehicle are 
shorted together.M
0xF00009 61440 9Electronic Control Unit: 
Component FailuresInternal SW fault detected. PDIAGNOSTIC TROUBLE CODE (DTC) AND SERVICE INFORMATION (CONT.)
Table 6 – M-50QR Diagnostic Trouble Codes (DTCs)
16
SD-27-5170 Rev 000 Bendix® GSBC® M-50QR™ (Global Scalable Brake Control Quick Release Antilock Modulator)SERVICE 
ACTION 
CODERECOMMENDED SERVICE ACTION
AInspect the cables and connectors between the modulator and the GSBC ECU for damage, shorted, or 
open circuits. Repair as necessary.  
 
If no physical damage was found, disconnect the electrical connector with the modulator pins from the 
GSBC ECU. At the ECU connector, measure continuity between the modulator common ground and 
the chassis ground. There should not be any continuity between the modulator common ground and the 
chassis ground. If continuity is found, disconnect the electrical harness from modulator and repeat the 
measurement at the modulator electrical connector. If there is continuty between the modulator common 
ground and the chassis ground with the harness disconnected, replace the modulator. Otherwise, 
troubleshoot the vehicle electrical harness for a short to ground according to the OEM procedure.  
 
If all checks pass, reconnect everything and clear the DTC. Perform a test drive to see if the error code 
returns. If the error code returns, swap the modulator with a known good unit or re-evalaute the harness 
for vibration or environmental-related failures.
BInspect the cables and connectors between the modulator and the GSBC ECU for damage, open, or 
shorts. Repair as necessary.  
 
If no physical damage was found, disconnect the electrical connector with the modulator pins from the 
GSBC ECU. At the ECU connector, measure continuity between modulator common ground and the 
battery voltage. There should be no continuity measured between the modulator common ground and 
the battery voltage. If continuity is found, disconnect the electrical harness from the modulator and repeat 
the measurement at the modulator electrical connector. If there is continuity measured between the 
modulator common ground and the battery voltage with the harness disconnected, replace the modulator . 
Otherwise, troubleshoot the vehicle electrical harness for a short to battery according to the OEM 
procedure.  
 
If all checks pass, reconnect everything and clear the DTC. Perform a test drive to see if the error code 
returns. If the error code returns, re-evalaute the harness for vibration or environmental-related failures.
CInspect the cables and connectors between the modulator and the GSBC ECU for damage, shorted, or 
open circuits. Repair as necessary.  
 
If no physical damage was found, disconnect the electrical connector with the modulator pins from the 
GSBC ECU and from the modulator. Check continuity of the harness between the ECU and the modulator 
common pins. If there is no continuty through the harness between the modulator and the GSBC ECU 
common ground pins, repair or replace the vehicle electrical harness as necessary . 
 
If all checks pass, reconnect everything and clear the DTC. Perform a test drive to see if the error code 
returns. If the error code returns, re-evalaute the harness for vibration or environmental-related failures.DIAGNOSTIC TROUBLE CODE (DTC) AND SERVICE INFORMATION (CONT.)
Table 7 – Recommended Service Actions
17
SD-27-5170 Rev 000 Bendix® GSBC® M-50QR™ (Global Scalable Brake Control Quick Release Antilock Modulator)SERVICE 
ACTION 
CODERECOMMENDED SERVICE ACTION
DInspect the cables and connectors between the modulator and the GSBC ECU for damaged, open, or 
shorted circuits. Repair as necessary.  
 
If no physical damage was found, disconnect the electrical connector with the modulator pins from the 
GSBC ECU. At the ECU connector, measure the voltage between the modulator pins and the chassis 
ground. There should be no voltage measured between the modulator pins and the chassis ground. If 
voltage is found, disconnect the electrical harness from the modulator and repeat the measurement at the 
modulator electrical connector. If there is no voltage measured between the modulator common ground 
and the chassis ground, repair or replace the vehicle electrical harness as necessary .  
 
If all checks pass, reconnect everything and clear the DTC. Perform a test drive to see if the error code 
returns. If error code returns, re-evalaute harness for vibration or environmental-related failures.
EWait for the valve to cool down. Avoid excessive use (long activation time) of the valves through service 
tools. Reset the DTC.
FInspect the cables and connectors between the modulator and the GSBC ECU for damage, shorted, or 
open circuits. Repair as necessary.  
 
If no physical damage was found, disconnect the electrical connector with the modulator pins from the 
GSBC ECU. At the ECU connector, measure continuity between the modulator common ground and the 
other pins in the connector. There should not be any continuity between the modulator common ground 
and any other pins. If continuity is found, disconnect the electrical harness from the modulator and repeat 
the measurement at the modulator electrical connector. If there is no continuty between the modulator 
pins, troubleshoot the vehicle electrical harness for an electrical short according to the OEM procedure.  
 
If all checks pass, reconnect everything and clear the DTC. Perform a test drive to see if the error code 
returns. If the error code returns, swap the modulator with a known good unit or re-evalaute the harness 
for vibration or environmental-related failures.
GCheck the wiring of the Front EPM and connected WSS. Check if dataset represents the current vehicle 
layout. Check WSS parameter (tire size). Check WSS and tone wheel for problems. Compare vehicle 
configuration to original (factory) configuraiton. If changes have been made to the vehicle after it was 
built, consult the OEM for assistance in updating the vehicle configuration in the GSBC ECU.
HCheck the wiring between the modulator and the GSBC ECU. Check for shorts to ground between the 
modulator inlet valve pin and the common pin, or, between the modulator inlet valve pin and the chassis 
ground. Inspect the electrical connector at both ends (modulator and GSBC ECU) for damage, shorts, or 
missing insulation.  
 
Repair or replace wiring and/or electrical connectors as necessary per OEM instructions.
JCheck the wiring between the modulator and the GSBC ECU. Check for shorts to battery voltage between 
the modulator inlet valve pin and the sources of battery voltage. Inspect the electrical connector at both 
ends (modulator and GSBC ECU) for damage, shorts, or missing insulation.  
 
Repair or replace wiring and/or electrical connectors as necessary per OEM instructions.DIAGNOSTIC TROUBLE CODE (DTC) AND SERVICE INFORMATION (CONT.)
Table 7 – Recommended Service Actions
18
SD-27-5170 Rev 000 Bendix® GSBC® M-50QR™ (Global Scalable Brake Control Quick Release Antilock Modulator)DIAGNOSTIC TROUBLE CODE (DTC) AND SERVICE INFORMATION (CONT.)
SERVICE 
ACTION 
CODERECOMMENDED SERVICE ACTION
KCheck the wiring between the modulator and the GSBC ECU. Check for broken wires or open circuit on 
the inlet valve pin. Inspect the electrical connector at both ends (modulator and GSBC ECU) for damage, 
shorts, or missing insulation.  
 
Repair or replace wiring and/or electrical connectors as necessary per OEM instructions.
LCheck the wiring between the modulator and the GSBC ECU. Check for broken wires or open circuit 
on the outlet valve pin. Inspect the electrical connector at both ends (modulator and GSBC ECU) for 
damage, shorts, or missing insulation.  
 
Repair or replace wiring and/or electrical connectors as necessary per OEM instructions.
MCheck the wiring between the modulator and the GSBC ECU. Check for shorts between modulators on 
opposite sides of the vehicle. Inspect the electrical connector at both ends (modulator and GSBC ECU) 
for damage, shorts, or missing insulation. Confirm that modulator layout matches the original vehicle 
configuration.  
 
Repair or replace wiring and/or electrical connectors as necessary per OEM instructions.
NCheck the wiring between the modulator and the GSBC ECU. Check for shorts to battery voltage between 
the modulator outlet valve pin and the sources of battery voltage. Inspect the electrical connector at both 
ends (modulator and GSBC ECU) for damage, shorts, or missing insulation.  
 
Repair or replace wiring and/or electrical connectors as necessary per OEM instructions.
PCheck the electrical connector and the wiring on both steer axle modulators. Check that the modulators 
are connected to the GSBC ECU. If there are no faults in the connectors or the wiring, replace the GSBC 
ECU.
Table 7 – Recommended Service Actions
SD-27-5710 Rev 000 ©  2/2025 Bendix Commercial Vehicle Systems LLC, a member of Knorr-Bremse • All Rights Reserved
/gid00035/gid00019/gid00035/gid00038/gid00047/gid00037/gid00042/gid00057/gid00015/gid00036/gid00048/gid00046
24/7/365 ACCESS
FULL SERVICE AT YOUR FINGERTIPS
/gid00053/gid00038/gid00036/gid00041/gid00047/gid00042/gid00036/gid00034/gid00045/gid00001/gid00052/gid00054/gid00049/gid00049/gid00048/gid00051/gid00053
 1/hyphen.cap800/hyphen.capAIR/hyphen.capBRAKE /parenleft.cap1/hyphen.cap800/hyphen.cap247/hyphen.cap2725/parenright.cap
TECHTEAM/at.capBENDIX.COM
/gid00035/gid00051/gid00034/gid00044/gid00038/gid00316/gid00052/gid00036/gid00041/gid00048/gid00048/gid00045/gid00015/gid00036/gid00048/gid00046
WEB/hyphen.capBASED TRAINING
LOG ON AND LEARN FROM THE BEST 
Unless otherwise indicated, the trademarks used in this document, including Bendix, are United States trademarks  
owned by, or licensed to, Bendix Commercial Vehicle Systems LLC.