SLINGSHOT
HELP CENTER
What can we help you find? SEARCH
Help Center Home  / Article
02/18/2025
2025 Slingshot Oil and Filter Change
Requir ed Tools and Supplies
6mm Allen Socket
Ratchet
Torque Wrench
Oil Filter Wrench
Oil Pan
Funnel 
Eye Protection
Nitrile Gloves
Shop Rags2025 P olaris Slingshot | Oil and Filter Change | Slingshot 2025 P olaris Slingshot | Oil and Filter Change | Slingshot
To learn more about tools, read the Tools and F asteners Guide . Always wear safety glasses and nitrile
gloves when servicing your Slingshot.
To change the engine oil and filter on your Slingshot, follow these steps:
Note: The engine must be at normal operating temperature when checking or changing the oil. Do
not check or change the oil when the engine is cold.
1. Park the vehicle on a flat, level surface, vehicles with AutoDrive leave in neutral, vehicles with
manual transmission, leave in gear. Then set the parking brake.
2. Elevate the vehicle using appropriate jack stands. R eference your Owner's Manual  for proper
lifting techniques.
3. Start the engine and allow it to idle for two to three minutes. Then stop the engine.
4. Continue by cleaning the area around the drain plug at the bottom of the crankcase.
5. Place a drain pan under the drain plug and remove the plug with a 6mm Allen socket. Allow the
oil to drain completely.  Tip: Placing a rag at the bottom of the pan will help prevent the splashing of
fluid.
6. Clean the sealing surfaces of the drain plug and oil pan. The sealing surfaces should be clean and
free of burs, nicks or scratches.
7. Place a NEW crush washer on the drain plug and reinstall the drain plug. Torque to 12 ft-lbs (16
Nm). DO NO T overtighten.
8. Using an appropriate oil filter wrench, rotate the oil filter counterclockwise to remove.
9. Continue by using a clean, dry cloth, to clean the filter sealing surface on the housing.
10. Lubricate the gasket area on the new oil filter with a thin film of clean engine oil.
11. Install the new filter and turn clockwise by hand until the filter gasket contacts the sealing
surface. Then turn an additional 3/4 turn.
12. Remove the oil fill cap and add the recommended oil. The oil capacity is 6 quarts (5.68 L). Do not
overfill.
13. Continue by reinstalling the oil fill cap.
14. Shift the vehicle to neutral.
15. Start the engine and allow it to idle for one to two minutes. Then stop the engine.
16. Check for leaks around the drain plug and oil filter area.
17. Allow the oil to drain to the bottom of the oil sump for 3 minutes. R emove the dipstick and view
the oil level. Maintain the oil level between the ADD and FULL marks on the dipstick. Add oil, if
necessary. Do not overfill.
18. Lower the vehicle completely.
19. Dispose of the used oil properly at your local recycling center.
For more information, see your authorized Slingshot Dealer. Find a dealer near you with the  Dealer
Locator .
Maintenance tips, procedures and specifications can be found in your  Owner's Manual .
To find diagrams and replacement part numbers, use the  online parts catalog .
YouTube® is a r egistered trademark o f Google LL C
Unless not ed, tr ademarks ar e the pr operty of Polaris Industr ies Inc.
© 2025 P olaris Industr ies Inc.
Was this article helpful?
Yes, it answers my question
No, it's missing information or visuals
No, the instructions are unclear
No, What are the next steps?
No, I'm experiencing a technical error
Other
* How can we improve this article? W e'd love to hear your suggestions
Tell us what you would like to see in this article [] -