 
  Mercedes -Benz USA, LLC     A Mercedes -Benz  Group  AG Company  
One Mercedes -Benz Drive          Sandy Springs , GA  30328                      770.705.06 00 News Channel Update  | 
 Vehicle Compliance & Analysis  
 
 
 
 
 
 ATTENTION : Mercedes -Benz Dealer Principals, General Managers, Sales Managers, Service Managers & Parts Managers  
 
 Service Campaign Notification  
February 28, 2025  
Campaign #   Description  Communication Module Software  Update  
– Mercedes Me Connect OTA    N/A 25P5497839  
☒ Over -the-Air (“OTA”) Update  
Campaign Details  
Total  
Service Campaign  
Population  25,329  
Model(s)/Platform(s)  G-Class  (463 platform ) 
Model Year(s)  2019 -2023  
Issue   
Mercedes -Benz AG, the manufacturer of Mercedes -Benz vehicles , has determined that on certain 
subject vehicles , the communication module  software  does not correspond to the current series 
production configuration . The communication module will receive an SCN coding update to improv e 
system stability  and service accessibility . 
Remedy  MBUSA will conduct an OTA service campaign. Remote software updates are automatically 
downloaded and installed in the customer’s vehicle free of charge without an additional workshop 
visit via the data link of the communication module.   
Launch D ate The vehicles will not be visible or flagged in VMI or EVA.  
Warranty Claim Notice  No Service Action is required by the Dealer for this Campaign.  
 
  
 
  Mercedes -Benz USA, LLC     A Mercedes -Benz  Group  AG Company  
One Mercedes -Benz Drive          Sandy Springs , GA  30328                      770.705.06 00 News Channel Update  | 
 Vehicle Compliance & Analysis  
 
 
Dealers can check for a successful OTA update in VeDoc, or the customer can check using 
the Mercedes me connect App.  Customers can continue to drive their vehicle. Sufficient 
battery voltage may be required for the OTA update to be initialized. If the vehicle has not 
been driven in four or more weeks, the ignition should be cycled to initialize the process.  
 
 
Instructions to verify a successful OTA update in VeDoc:  
Dealers  can search the VIN in VeDoc ( Figure 1, A ), then click "Control Units" and "Hermes - 
control unit" ( Figure 1, B  and C ). If the Software Object Number  (Figure 1, D) is 
“A2479027815 ” then the OTA update was successful.  
 
 
            Figure 1  – Successful OTA update in VeDoc  
 
 
 
C B
 A
 
D
 
 
  Mercedes -Benz USA, LLC     A Mercedes -Benz  Group  AG Company  
One Mercedes -Benz Drive          Sandy Springs , GA  30328                      770.705.06 00 News Channel Update  | 
 Vehicle Compliance & Analysis  
 
Instructions to verify a successful OTA update in Mercedes -me connect 
App:  
Using the Mercedes -me connect App on Android or Apple, the customer can check the 
status of the OTA update by going to the “Vehicle” icon and selecting “Over -the-Air Vehicle 
Updates” ( Figure 2 ). A successful OTA update will show as “Installed” ( Figure 3 ).  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Figure 2  – Over -the-Air Vehicle 
Updates  Figure 3 – 
A. Pending OTA Update  
B. Successful OTA Update  
 
