 
  
   
 
This document does not authorize warranty repairs.   This communication documents a record of past experiences.   STAR Online  
does not provide any conclusions about what is wrong with the vehicle.  Rather, it captures all previous cases known that appear  
to be similar or related to the vehicle symptom / condition.   You are the expert, and you are responsible for deciding on the  
appropriate course of action.  
 
Contact STAR Center, or your Technical Assistance Center Via TechConnect,  eCONTACT or Service Library  
entry if no solution is found .  
 
Stellantis  US LLC                                           Version 4.5 07/22/2022 
 
Case Number:   S2108000015 – Rev. J 
 
 
Release Date:   February 2025 
 
 
Symptom/Vehicle Issue : Uconnect Box Require Service Message  
 
 
Customer Complaint/Technician Observation: Customer  / technician  may receive a message of 
“Uconnect box requires service. Please visit an authorized dealer” on the radio screen. It  may happen  
right after the vehicle switching to customer mode or after a new Telematics Box Module (TBM ) 
installed. The message may show up after every ignition on. The technician may not see any TBM or 
antenna open / short Diagnostic Trouble Code (DTC).  
 
 
 
Discussion : To establish first time connectivity server  connection , the TBM  / radio need s to sync with 
vehicle manufacturing data  and download  a security certificate. Uconnect box requires service 
message will pop up if the certificate download failed.  

 
  
   
 
This document does not authorize warranty repairs.   This communication documents a record of past experiences.   STAR Online  
does not provide any conclusions about what is wrong with the vehicle.  Rather, it captures all previous cases known that appear  
to be similar or related to the vehicle symptom / condition.   You are the expert, and you are responsible for deciding on the  
appropriate course of action.  
 
Contact STAR Center, or your Technical Assistance Center Via TechConnect,  eCONTACT or Service Library  
entry if no solution is found .  
 
Stellantis  US LLC                                           Version 4.5 07/22/2022 
 
The vehicle must be in an area with  good AT&T or Rogers (Canada) network coverage  and with good 
GPS signals. The vehicle may need to be ignition on for 10 to 20 minutes and driven for 5 km/miles. 
Multiple ignition cycles may be required after driving.  
 
During vehicle preparation or after TBM swap repair, please make sure TBM download the  certificate , 
and no Uconnect box require service message after vehicle starts .  
 
1. Take a configuration report and scan report . 
2. Verify if there is any  active or stored  DTC related to TBM or antenna .  
3. Any active TBM DTC will trigger  Uconnect box message. A stored DTC is possibly the 
cause of intermittent popup message failure . Please diagnose  the issue per DTC repair 
procedures . 
4. Perform ECU reset and clear the DTC if required . 
5. The Uconnect popup message on a new vehicle / TBM without any active TBM DTC, might 
be due to missing the security certificate.  
6. Move the vehicle to an area with g ood AT&T or Rogers network coverage and good GPS 
signals , so the TBM can establish  server  connection .   
7. Please drive the vehicle for at least 5 km / 5 miles and  leave the vehicle ignition on for 10 to 
20 minutes.  
8. Turn off the vehicle then turn it  on. If the Uconnect box  message pops up, try to do serval 
ignition cycles .  
9. If the message does not go away  after 5 ignition cycles, create a STAR case and ask to 
check the status of VIN lock and factory feed  in backend . (This only applies to new vehicle 
or new TBM replacement.)  
10. For intermittent popup message or connectivity feature lost issue s, please check stored 
DTCs and verify antenna / jumper harness and TBM connections.  
11. Do not replace the TBM if issue could not be replicated.  
 
Please note, other Uconnect box error message like backup battery failure, GPS failure, SOS call 
failure and Wi -Fi failure is due to different root cause. Please diagnose differently.  