Copyright 2025 General Motors. All Rights Reserved.Bulletin No.: PIE0812
Service BulletinDate: January, 2025
ENGINEERING INFORMATION
Engineering Information - Vehicle Having Loss of Power and/or Malfunction
Indicator Lamp (MIL) Illuminated on Driver Information Center (DIC), DTC
P2C7A Set
Proceed with this EI ONLY if the customer has commented about this
concern AND the PIE number is listed in the Global Warranty
Management / Investigate History link (GWM/IVH). If the customer has not
commented about this condition or the EI does not show in GWM/IVH,
disregard the PIE, and proceed with diagnostics found in published
service information. THIS IS NOT A RECALL refer to Service Bulletin
04-00-89-053 for more details on the use of Engineering Information
bulletins.
Brand: Model: Model Year: Breakpoint: Engine: Transmission
:from to from to
Cadillac Escalade Models 2021
2021 — —Equipped with 3.0L
(RPO LM2)—ChevroletSilverado 1500 2020
Tahoe 2021
Suburban 2021
GMCSierra 1500 2020
Yukon Models 2021
 
Involved Region or Country California Dealers ONLY
ConditionSome customers may comment on vehicle having loss of power and/or having the
Malfunction Indicator Lamp (MIL) illuminated on the Driver Information Center (DIC).
Technicians may find DTC P2C7A set.
CauseGM Engineering is looking to collect fuel injectors from a vehicle that has been run
primarily on renewable diesel (R95 or higher).Subject:
Attention:
Correction
Important: Service agents must comply with all International, Federal, State, Provincial, and/or Local laws
applicable to the activities it performs under this bulletin, including but not limited to handling, deploying,
preparing, classifying, packaging, marking, labeling, and shipping dangerous goods. In the event of a
conflict between the procedures set forth in this bulletin and the laws that apply to your dealership, you
must follow those applicable laws.
If you are aware of a vehicle that has been run primarily on renewable diesel, and the customer is interested in a
new set of fuel injectors, please contact the engineer below.
Page 2 January, 2025 Bulletin No.: PIE0812
GM bulletins are intended for use by professional technicians, NOT a "do-it-yourselfer" . They are written to inform these
technicians of conditions that may occur on some vehicles, or to provide information that could assist in the proper
service of a vehicle. Properly trained technicians have the equipment, tools, safety instructions, and know-how to do a job
properly and safely. If a condition is described, DO NOT assume that the bulletin applies to your vehicle, or that your
vehicle will have that condition. See your GM dealer for information on whether your vehicle may beneﬁt from the
information.
WE SUPPORT VOLUNTARY
TECHNICIAN
CERTIFICATIONContact Information
Please include the following information if leaving a message:
- Technician name
- Dealer name and phone number
- Complete VIN and repair order (R.O) number
On the repair order, document the date and time the call was placed (even if the engineer was not reached).
If engineering is unable to return the call within one hour, proceed with diagnosis and repair based on information
found in SI.
 
Warranty Information
If an engineer was contacted or required information was provided, use:
Labor Operation Description Labor Time
4089418*Engineering Information - Vehicle Having Loss of Power and/or
(MIL) Illuminated on (DIC), DTC P2C7A Set0.3 Hrs.
*This is a unique Labor Operation for bulletin use only.
 
Version 1
Modified Released January 28, 2025The Contact Information has been redacted.