INDIAN MOTORCYCLE
HELP CENTER
What can we help you ﬁnd? Search
Help Center Home / Article
02/25/2025
2015-2024 Scout Drive Belt Inspection and Tension Adjustment
Requir ed Tools and Supplies
Shop Rags Belt T ension T ool or 10-P ound W eight
Measurement T ools Marking T ool
27mm and 1/2-Inch Sockets Ratchet
27mm Wrench Torque Wrench
Breaker Bar Safety Glasses and Nitrile Gloves
Always wear safety glasses and nitrile gloves when servicing your Indian Motorcycle.
To inspect and adjust the drive belt tension on your Indian Scout, Scout Sixty, Scout Bobber, Scout
Bobber T wenty or Scout R ogue, follow these steps:
1. Park the bike on a flat, level surface and allow it to cool completely.
2. Lift the motorcycle according to your Owner’s Manual  guidelines and elevate the rear wheel. The
motorcycle must be stable before proceeding.Indian Scout Driv e Belt Inspection and Tension Adjustment - Indian Mot orcycle Indian Scout Driv e Belt Inspection and Tension Adjustment - Indian Mot orcycle
3. Ensure the motorcycle is in NEUTRAL.
4. Inspect the drive belt for damage and wear. R efer to your Owner’s Manual  for belt wear analysis.
If inspection reveals a need for replacement, see your authorized Indian Motorcycle Dealer.
5. Check and record the belt deflection, applying 10 pounds of force. Ensure the belt is dry before
measuring. Locking the tape measurer will make it easier to maintain consistent measurements.
Using the tire valve stem as a reference, measure at three additional points 90 degrees apart on the tire. The tightest point or
smallest measurement should be 12mm (15/32 or .472 inches) at 10 pounds of force.
If adjustment is needed, rotate the wheel counter-clockwise and mark the tightest measurement point on the tire for
reference.
6. Also mark the current adjuster locations on both sides of the rear wheel for reference.
7. Loosen but do not remove the axle nut with a 27mm wrench.
8. Then torque the axle bolt to 15 ft-lbs (20 Nm) with a 27mm socket.
9. Turn the left-side adjuster nut with a 1/2-inch socket to achieve proper belt tension.
10. When the belt tension is correct, rotate the wheel backward to view belt alignment.
11. If adjustment is necessary, use only the right-side adjuster to minimize changes in belt tension.
Be sure to keep the axle seated forward against the axle adjusters during this procedure.
12. While rotating the wheel backward, tighten the right-side adjuster nut until the drive belt is
centered in the driven pulley. Sprocket teeth should be visible on both sides of the drive belt.
13. Once the desired setting is achieved, rotate the wheel forward and verify the sprocket teeth are
still visible on both sides of the drive belt.
14. If necessary, revert back to the initial settings and repeat this process as needed.
15. Re-check drive belt tension to verify it is still within specification. Improper tension or alignment
can cause drive line noise and damage the drive belt.
16. T orque the rear axle bolt to 65 ft-lbs (88 Nm).
17. Pump the rear brake pedal several times to reset brake pad distance.
18. Verify that when the brake pedal is released, the wheel rotates smoothly and freely, without
drag.
19. Finish by safely lowering your motorcycle to the ground. R efer to your Owner’s Manual  for
helpful hints and techniques.
For more information, see your authorized Indian Motorcycle Dealer. Find a dealer near you with
the Dealer Locator .
Maintenance tips, procedures and specifications can be found in your  Owner's Manual .
To find diagrams and replacement part numbers, use the  online parts catalog .
YouTube® is a r egistered trademark o f Google LL C
Unless not ed, tr ademarks ar e the pr operty of Indian Mot orcycle Int ernational, LL C.
© 2022 Indian Mot orcycle Int ernational, LL C
Keyword(s) video , maintenace , belt , inspect , tension , adjust ,Was this article helpful?
Yes, it answers my question
No, it's missing information or visuals
No, the instructions are unclear
No, What are the next steps?
No, I'm experiencing a technical error
Other
* How can we improve this article? We'd love to hear your suggestions
Tell us what you would like to see in this article
Send [] -
HELPFUL LINKS
Parts, Accessories and Apparel
Owner's Manuals
Indian Motorcycle Protection Plan