Copyright 2025 General Motors. All Rights Reserved.Bulletin No.: 24-NA-261
Service BulletinDate: January, 2025
TECHNICAL
Radio Software Version Y175 – Multiple Updates for IOK
This Service Bulletin Replaces PIT6233 and PIT6241. Please Discard PIT6233 and
PIT6241.
Brand: Model: Model Year: VIN: Engine: Transmission:
from to from to
ChevroletSilverado 1500 LTD
(RPO J21, VIN Digit 5
= W / Y)
2022 2022
       Silverado 1500 New
(RPO J22, VIN Digit 5
= A / D)
Silverado 1500 2023 2024
Silverado 2500HD/
3500HD2024 2024
Suburban
2022 2024
Tahoe
GMCSierra 1500 Limited
(RPO J21, VIN Digit 5
= 8 / 9)
2022 2022
Sierra 1500 New
(RPO J22, VIN Digit 5
= H / U)
Sierra 1500 2023 2024
Sierra 2500HD/
3500HD2024 2024
Yukon
Yukon XL2022 2024
Involved Region or CountryNorth America, Europe, Uzbekistan, Russia, Middle East, Bolivia (West), Chile (West),
Colombia (West), Ecuador (West), Peru (West), Japan, Cadillac Korea (South Korea),
Thailand (ASEAN), Other Africa, Argentina, Brazil, Paraguay, Uruguay, Australia, New
Zealand, Israel
Additional Options (RPOs) Equipped with RPO IOK
ConditionSome customers may comment on radio software related issues. Continuous
improvement software updates are being released with improvements made in several
areas.Subject:
Page 2 January, 2025 Bulletin No.: 24-NA-261
Cause The cause of the condition may be software anomalies.
CorrectionA new radio software update, version Y175, was released to service for vehicles
equipped with Infotainment system RPO IOK. In addition to providing general robustness
and stability enhancements, this update includes all enhancements from previous
software version releases. Along with the vehicles mentioned above, vehicles in
unconnected markets, and fleet customers may need the dealer to reprogram the radio
with the new software package.
Customers will receive a Software Update notification once the software has been
downloaded to their vehicle and will need to accept the OTA when prompted.
Caution: to avoid potential programming errors, ensure both programming events (Pro-
gramming and USB File Transfer) are performed.
Y175 Most Notable Improvements:
Important: Improvements will vary by model, build configuration, system, and sales region. Not all vehicles have all
features.
Most notable improvements contained in this release may include:
Audio:
• The audio might cut out for a couple of seconds
Camera:
• The front camera button may cause a black screen that requires a 10-minute sleep cycle to recover
Connectivity:
• 4G connection is dropping
Navigation:
• After searching for a location in the embedded Google Maps app the customer might see a "Waiting for
location..." message instead of pulling up directions
OnStar:
• When the Hood Open chime is playing, there is no OnStar audio
Phone:
• There may be a crackling noise while on a Bluetooth or third-party app call
• While on a phone call the person on the other end might hear an echo
• When trying to pair a phone the message "Device can't be added while driving" may come up even with
vehicle in Park
• You may hear static or buzzing while on a call
Radio:
• When playing music from a USB drive there may be no meta data shown in the audio app and the cluster will
show "No Content”
• In Guest mode it might take a long time to play USB music, showing a "No media available" message before
getting data
Stability:
• The radio may reset
SXM:
• When changing Favorites with the steering wheel switch, the new Favorite button may not highlight. If going to
another page of Favorites, the page may not change. In both cases the station does change.
Voice Recognition:
• Google Assistant may not work for an ignition cycle
Bulletin No.: 24-NA-261 January, 2025 Page 3
Export only:
• If a DAB announcement comes in while in CarPlay, the CarPlay audio does not automatically resume playing
after the announcement is done
Service Procedure
Important: Service agents must comply with all International, Federal, State, Provincial, and/or Local laws
applicable to the activities it performs under this bulletin, including but not limited to handling, deploying,
preparing, classifying, packaging, marking, labeling, and shipping dangerous goods. In the event of a
conflict between the procedures set forth in this bulletin and the laws that apply to your dealership, you
must follow those applicable laws.
Caution: Before downloading the update files, be sure the computer is connected to the internet through a network
cable (hardwired). DO NOT DOWNLOAD or install the files wirelessly. If there is an interruption during programming,
programming failure or control module damage may occur.
• Ensure the programming tool is equipped with the latest software and is securely connected to the data link
connector. If there is an interruption during programming, programming failure or control module damage may
occur.
• Stable battery voltage is critical during programming. Any fluctuation, spiking, over voltage or loss of voltage will
interrupt programming. Install a GM Authorized Programming Support Tool to maintain system voltage. Refer to
www.gmdesolutions.com for further information.  If not available, connect a fully charged 12 V jumper or booster
pack disconnected from the AC voltage supply. DO NOT connect a battery charger.
• Follow the on-screen prompts regarding ignition power mode, but ensure that anything that drains excessive
power (exterior lights, HVAC blower motor, etc) is off.
• Please verify that the radio time and date are set correctly before inserting USB drive into vehicle for
programming, otherwise an error will result.
• Clear DTCs after programming is complete. Clearing powertrain DTCs will set the Inspection/Maintenance (I/M)
system status indicators to NO.
Important: The service technician always needs to verify that the VIN displayed in the TLC left side drop down
menu and the top center window match the VIN plate of the vehicle to be programmed prior to using Service
Programming System 2 (SPS2) for programming or reprogramming a module.
• For the TLC application, service technicians need to always ensure that the power mode (ignition) is “ON”
before reading the VIN from the vehicle’s VIN master module and that they do not select a VIN that is already in
the TLC application memory from a previous vehicle.
• If the VIN that shows up in the TLC top center window after correctly reading the VIN from the vehicle does not
match the VIN plate of the vehicle, manually type in the VIN characters from the vehicle VIN plate into the TLC
top center window and use these for programming or reprogramming the subject module with the correct vehicle
VIN and software and/or calibrations.
• The Engine Control Module (ECM) is the master module (for VIP vehicles) that TLC reads to determine the VIN
of the vehicle. If the VIN read from the vehicle by TLC does not match the VIN plate of the vehicle, the ECM
also needs to be reprogrammed with the correct VIN, software and calibrations that match the vehicle’s VIN
plate.
• The Body Control Module (BCM) is the master module (for GEM vehicles) that TLC reads to determine the VIN
of the vehicle. If the VIN read from the vehicle by TLC does not match the VIN plate of the vehicle, the BCM
also needs to be reprogrammed with the correct VIN, software and calibrations that match the vehicle’s VIN
plate.
Caution: Be sure the VIN selected in the drop down menu (1) is the same as the vehicle connected (2) before
beginning programming.
Page 4 January, 2025 Bulletin No.: 24-NA-261
5743643
Important: If the vehicle VIN DOES NOT match, the message below will be shown
5877000
Bulletin No.: 24-NA-261 January, 2025 Page 5
5644477
Important: Techline Connect screens shown above.
Important: If the same calibration/software warning is noted on the TLC Summary screen, select OK and follow
screen instructions. After a successful programming event, the WCC is located in the Service Programming System
dialogue box of the SPS Summary screen. No further action is required. Refer to the Warranty section of the bulletin.
1. Reprogram the Radio. Refer to A11 Radio: Programming and Setup .
Page 6 January, 2025 Bulletin No.: 24-NA-261
5644478
Note: The screenshot above is an example of module programming and may not be indicative of the specific module
that is being programmed. Module selection and VIN information have been blacked out.
Important: To avoid warranty transaction rejections, you MUST record the warranty claim code provided on the
Warranty Claim Code (WCC) screen shown above on the job card. Refer to callout 1 above for the location of the
WCC on the screen.
2. Record SPS Warranty Claim Code on job card for warranty transaction submission.
Warranty Information
For vehicles repaired under warranty, use:
Labor Operation Description Labor Time
*2810335 Radio Reprogramming with SPSUse Published Labor
Operation Time
Important: *To avoid warranty transaction rejections, carefully read and follow the instructions below:
Bulletin No.: 24-NA-261 January, 2025 Page 7
Labor Operation Description Labor Time
6125814
• The Warranty Claim Code must be accurately entered in the “Warranty Claim Code” field of the transaction.
• When more than one Warranty Claim Code is generated for a programming event, it is required to document all Warranty
Claim Codes in the “Correction” field on the job card.  Dealers must also enter one of the codes in the “Warranty Claim
Code” field of the transaction, otherwise the transaction will reject. It is best practice to enter the FINAL code provided by
SPS2.
Warranty Claim Code Information Retrieval
6125774
Page 8 January, 2025 Bulletin No.: 24-NA-261
GM bulletins are intended for use by professional technicians, NOT a "do-it-yourselfer" . They are written to inform these
technicians of conditions that may occur on some vehicles, or to provide information that could assist in the proper
service of a vehicle. Properly trained technicians have the equipment, tools, safety instructions, and know-how to do a job
properly and safely. If a condition is described, DO NOT assume that the bulletin applies to your vehicle, or that your
vehicle will have that condition. See your GM dealer for information on whether your vehicle may beneﬁt from the
information.
WE SUPPORT VOLUNTARY
TECHNICIAN
CERTIFICATIONIf the Warranty Claim Code was not recorded on the Job Card, the code can be retrieved in the SPS2 system as
follows:
1. Open TLC on the computer used to program the vehicle.
2. Select and start SPS2.
3. Select Settings (1).
4. Select the Warranty Claim Code tab (2).
The VIN, Warranty Claim Code and Date/Time will be listed on a roster of recent programming events. If the code is
retrievable, dealers should resubmit the transaction making sure to include the code in the SPS Warranty Claim
Code field.
Version 3
Modified Released November 22, 2024
Revised January 10, 2025 - Added the 2022 Model Year for Chevrolet Suburban, Tahoe,
GMC Yukon, and Yukon XL.
Revised January 29, 2025 - Added bullet point to Phone section.