SIM 01 06 16
FOOTWELL  MODULE (FRM) EXTENDED LIMITED WTY  (ELW)
INCREASE TO 15 YRS/240,000 MI2025-02-21
This Service Information bulletin (Revision 02) supersedes SI M01 06 16 dated August 2018
 
What’ s New:
 
The footwell module (FRM) extended limited warranty has been increased to 15 Years/240,000 Miles
Title updated
New attachment
The complete Service Information Bulletin has been reformatted
 
MODEL
E-Series Model Year Model Description
R55 2010 to 2014 MINI Clubman Cooper , Cooper S, Cooper JCW , Cooper S JCW
R56 2007 to 2013 MINI Hardtop Cooper , Cooper S, Cooper JCW
R57 2010 to 2014 MINI Convertible Cooper , Cooper S, Cooper JCW
R58 2012 to 2014 MINI Coupe Cooper , Cooper S, Cooper JCW
R59 2012 to 2014 MINI Roadster Cooper , Cooper S, Cooper JCW
R60 2011 to 2014MINI
CountrymanCooper , Cooper S, Cooper S ALL4, Cooper JCW
R61 2013 to 2014 MINI Paceman Cooper , Cooper S, Cooper S ALL4, Cooper JCW
 
Note:   W ithin the models and model years listed above, there are affected and non-affected vehicles. 
 
The Model information above is for informational purposes only , it is not the only deciding factor .
 
Eligible V ehicles
 
To assist you in identifying those vehicles that have this component-specific extended limited warranty (EL W)
coverage, the following V ehicle Comment will show in the VIN-specific W arranty V ehicle Inquiry (WVI).
 
February 2025 New Superseding V ehicle Comment
 
Important Update to FRM EL W SI M01 06 16 (RC 61 35 90 10 00): For this vehicle, the
Footwell Module (FRM) limited warranty for defects in materials and / or workmanship has
been supplementarily increased to 15 years / 240,000 miles as determined from the
original first in-service / delivery date. This coverage is subject to the same vehicle
eligibility requirements, limitations, and exclusions that apply to the MINI New Passenger
Car Limited W arranty .  This FRM EL W-related coverage statement supersedes the prior
two EL W coverage statements.
 
Note:  Before performing a repair and submitting a claim, first confirm that the vehicle has the above Notice of
Extended Limited W arranty coverage in the WVI’ s “Vehicle Comments” section.
 
Note:   The footwell module’ s extended limited warranty coverage period has been increased 15 Years / 240,000 Miles
from 10 Years /156,000 Miles with the posted update of this bulletin dated February 2025. 
 
If you have EL W eligibility and/or coverage questions, please contact the W arranty department through IDS by
selecting Coverage, Policy , Coding Questions and Mileage Corrections prior to performing any repair .
SITUA TION
Component-Specific Extended Limited W arranty (EL W)
Copyright ©2025 MINI USA, a division of BMW of North America, LLC. All Rights Reserved2/28/25, 5:56 AM 01 06 16_FOOTWELL MODULE (FRM) EXTENDED LIMITED WTY (ELW) INCREASE TO 15 YRS/240,000 MI
about:blank 1/7
 For the eligible vehicles and for the issue
described below , MINI USA, a division BMW of
North America, LLC (MINI USA) is
supplementarily increasing the extended
limited warranty coverage period for the
vehicle’ s Footwell Module (FRM)  to:
 
15 years / 240,000 miles as determined by
the vehicle’s original in-service date.
 
This component-specific extended limited
warranty applies to the situations noted in
CAUSE section of this bulletin.
 
This coverage applies to the specific vehicle (VIN), the remaining portion of the EL W is transferrable to each
subsequent owner , and is subject to the same vehicle eligibility requirements, limitations, and exclusion criteria
that applies to the MINI New Passenger Car Limited W arranty .
 
Note: This bulletin is notice of a component-specific limited warranty extension. This is NOT a notice of
a Recall or Service Action.
 
There is no immediate repair required unless the MINI vehicle is currently experiencing this problem.
 
Customer Notification Letter
 
Even though this is NOT  a Recall, MINI USA  will be sending VIN-specific customer notification letters.
 
Note:  Some of these vehicles may already be beyond the extended limited warranty coverage period, however ,
those customers can still request the review of a “prior” customer pay FRM repair for reimbursement.
 
CAUSE
A. Either while performing IST A diagnosis and/or a vehicle software update procedure, or after a 12-volt battery disconnect, or a
12-volt power supply interruption on an af fected vehicle, the Footwell Module (FRM) may fail (Consequential).
There is either a compatibility issue with certain combinations of vehicle software i-Levels and the version of the
Footwell Module’ s hardware that is installed in the vehicle.
Or the:
B. Footwell Module itself (FRM) failed (Primary causual part) prior to performing any diagnosis, or repair-related work
procedures.
CORRECTION
Follow the instructions in the PROCEDURE section.
 
PROCEDURE
If one of the issues above occurs to an af fected vehicle, replace the failed Footwell Module.
Addressing and repairing pre-existing vehicle issues and/or issues caused by non-genuine MIN parts and/or
used MINI passenger car parts are not covered under this extend limited warranty .
 
SI M61 05 23  Recall 23V -337: Footwell Module (FRM) Moisture/W ater Intrusion (R55, R56)
 
Note: FRM issues, including those identified in item “A,” that are related to and because of
performing the recall remedy repair that addresses different situation, please claim this
FRM-related repair work as outlined in the Recall Service Information Bulletin. Copyright ©2025 MINI USA, a division of BMW of North America, LLC. All Rights Reserved
2/28/25, 5:56 AM 01 06 16_FOOTWELL MODULE (FRM) EXTENDED LIMITED WTY (ELW) INCREASE TO 15 YRS/240,000 MI
about:blank 2/7
 
PARTS INFORMA TION
Only order these parts in the quantities needed to address customers’  vehicles that have confirmed
failures.
 
To determine the part numbers that applies to the specific vehicle being repaired, enter the VIN/chassis number
into either ETK or AIR, this will consider the specific equipment and/or options that are fitted to the vehicle.
 
Part Number Description Quantity
Refer to ETK/AIR Footwell module (FRM) 1
 
Additionally , other materials and small parts that are not specified above, such as fluids, lubricants, one-time
use screws, nuts, and seals, which must be replaced or installed according to the IST A repair instructions/ETK,
must be selected from the Electronic Parts Catalogue, or other approved BMW Group’ s resources, according to
the respective vehicle type. Invoiced these items separately under the Repair Code listed in this bulletin.
 
CLAIM INFORMA TION
For eligible US-specification MINI vehicles that are registered and operated in the United States (including
Puerto Rico), the component-specific 15 year (180 month) / 240,000-mile extended limited warranty coverage
for defects in materials and/or workmanship applies to qualifying repairs performed by authorized MINI dealers.
 
This coverage described above applies to the specific vehicle (VIN), it is transferrable to the subsequent
owners, and is subject to the same vehicle eligibility requirements, limitations, and exclusion criteria that applies
to the MINI New Passenger V ehicle Limited W arranty .
 
The existing limited warranty coverage for the whole vehicle and other components has not changed.
 
This coverage supersedes the coverage that is provided under the MINI Certified Pre-Owned Program, or any
BMW Group V ehicle Service Contract that applies to the vehicle.
 
For the issues described in this bulletin, the replacement FRM is covered by the remaining portion of the
extended limited warranty coverage period.
 
Non-Qualifying Repairs
 
Repairs performed on ineligible vehicles, eligible vehicles operated and repaired outside the United States and
Puerto Rico, or the diagnosis and repair of issues that are outside the intended scope of this extended
coverage, other unrelated issues, and/or that are due to outside influences are not covered by this limited
warranty extension. This exclusion also applies to repairs that were performed using (including those repairs
that result from using) non-genuine MINI parts and/or used MINI passenger car parts.
 
Qualifying Repairs – Claim Submission
 
Repair Code: 6135901000 R5x R6x Footwell module (FRM)
 
Obtain the flat rate unit (FRU) allowances for the following that applies.
 
Situation One (1):   Consequential FRM Replacement “after” performing vehicle diagnosis, or a 12-volt
battery disconnect, or some other 12-volt power supply interruption occurred for an unrelated issue.
 
Labor Operation Description Labor
Allowance
61 35 616 61 35 616 Replacing FRM (After vehicle diagnosis) As applicable
And:
Copyright ©2025 MINI USA, a division of BMW of North America, LLC. All Rights Reserved2/28/25, 5:56 AM 01 06 16_FOOTWELL MODULE (FRM) EXTENDED LIMITED WTY (ELW) INCREASE TO 15 YRS/240,000 MI
about:blank 3/7
61 00 710Programming/encoding control unit(s) (Associated work,
without Car Access System ) (includes deleting the fault
memory)As applicable
Or:
61 00 720Programming/encoding control unit(s) (Associated work,
with CAS ) (includes deleting the fault memory)As applicable
 
Or:
 
Situation T wo (2):  Consequential FRM Replacement “after” programming/coding the vehicle for an
unrelated issue.
 
Labor Operation Description Labor
Allowance
61 35 616 Replacing FRM (After vehicle diagnosis) As applicable
And:
61 00 71 1Additional work after 1st termination when
programming/encoding (Associated work, without Car
Access System , with job item no. 61 00 710) (includes
deleting the fault memory)As applicable
Or:
61 00 721Additional work after 1st termination when
programming/encoding (Associated work, with CAS , with
job item no. 61 00 720) (includes deleting the fault
memory)As applicable
 
Or:
 
Situation Three (3):  FRM Replacement due to it being the Primary Failure (Causual Part)  
 
Labor
OperationDescription Labor Allowance
00 00 006 Carrying out vehicle test (Main work) As applicable
Or:   
00 00 556 Carrying out vehicle test (Plus work) As applicable
And:   
61 21 528Supporting voltage of the vehicle electrical system /
recharging vehicle batteryAs applicable
And, as needed:   
61 00 006* Carrying out vehicle diagnosis, ABL (Work time) WT FRU
Or:   
00 58 500* Diagnosis W orktime Flat Rate 2 FRU
And:   
61 35 616 61 35 616 Replacing FRM (After vehicle diagnosis) As applicable
 
And:
 
Without an Open Programming and Encoding T echnical Campaign (See below)
 
Labor
OperationDescription Labor Allowance
61 00 710 Programming/encoding control unit(s) (Associated work,
without Car Access System ) (includes deleting the faultAs applicable
Copyright ©2025 MINI USA, a division of BMW of North America, LLC. All Rights Reserved2/28/25, 5:56 AM 01 06 16_FOOTWELL MODULE (FRM) EXTENDED LIMITED WTY (ELW) INCREASE TO 15 YRS/240,000 MI
about:blank 4/7
memory)
Or:   
61 00 720Programming/encoding control unit(s) (Associated work,
with CAS ) (includes deleting the fault memory)As applicable
 
If you are using a Main labor code for another repair , use the Plus code labor operation 00 00 556 instead of 00 00 006, or
exclude (including 61 21 528) when the V ehicle Test is included in another repair .
 
Work time labor operation codes 61 00 006 and 00 58 500 are not considered Main labor operations.
 
BMW Group’ s AIR Application Resource for Flat Rate Labor Operation Codes
 
To obtain the corresponding flat rate unit (FRU) allowance information from the BMW Group AIR application
resource, start by entering the Chassis Number (last seven (7) characters of the VIN), and click on the “Search”
icon. If the “V ehicle Selection” window displays two or more model possible vehicle choices, select the
applicable Model, or enter the full VIN (17 characters) instead to proceed.  C lick on the “Flat Rate Units” button
and enter a flat rate labor operation code number “without spaces” in the field to the right, click on the “Search”
icon to display the corresponding listing of “Flat rate unit group details” that are available and their
corresponding FRU allowances.
 
Vehicle Programming and Encoding - FRM Replacement
 
During this workshop visit, the af fected vehicle may also show one or more programming and encoding Technical Campaign
repairs open, the programming and encoding procedure may only be invoiced one time.
 
After replacing the FRM, perform and submit for updating the vehicle’ s software to the required I-level or higher through
the technical campaign. 
 
Please be sure to also perform any additional before and/or after work (including attaching labels) as required
by the open campaigns on the vehicle. Close any other open programming and encoding Campaign repairs as
outlined in the corresponding Service Information Bulletin .
 
Vehicle Programming and Encoding – Additional W ork (RO and Claim Comments Required)
 
This procedure automatically reprograms and encodes any vehicle control modules that do not have the latest software I-level. 
 
If one or more control modules fail during the reprogramming procedure, claim the required consequential
repair work procedures to address this issue (including performing the IRAP  Control Unit Recovery first as
required, refer to the SIB in AIR) under the Repair Code in this bulletin together with the corresponding labor
operation codes and their flat rate unit (FRU) allowance(s), including the diagnosis* that applies.
 
Please explain the additional work procedures that were performed (The why and the what) on the repair order and in the claim
comments.
 
For covered repairs that address control module failures that occurred prior to performing this reprogramming
procedure, claim this work with the appliable Repair Code listed in AIR together with the corresponding labor
operation codes and their flat rate unit (FRU) allowance(s), including the diagnosis* that applies.
 
(*) Based on which one applies to your dealer , please refer to SI M01 01 20  or M01 04 20  for the applicable procedure for
documenting, claiming, and explaining, on the RO and in the claim comments, your diagnosis work time (WT), job/repair work
time (WT), and the vehicle repairs your dealer performed, unless otherwise required by State law .
 
Previous Customer-Pay Repairs – Limited W arranty Extension Reimbursement
 
Note:   A printed copy of the “interim reimbursement procedure” attachment can be provided to the customer .
 
See attachment M010616_A T_1 EL W RBMT  Interim Prd 02_2025
 
MINI USA, a division of BMW of North America, LLC (MINI USA) will reimbursement certain costs for qualifying customer-pay
repairs that were performed on an eligible vehicle prior  to the release of this updated component-specific extended limited
warranty coverage.
 
Note:  The footwell module’ s extended limited warranty coverage period has been increased 15 Years / 240,000 Miles
from 10 Years /156,000 Miles with the posted update of this bulletin dated February 2025. Copyright ©2025 MINI USA, a division of BMW of North America, LLC. All Rights Reserved2/28/25, 5:56 AM 01 06 16_FOOTWELL MODULE (FRM) EXTENDED LIMITED WTY (ELW) INCREASE TO 15 YRS/240,000 MI
about:blank 5/7
 
A qualifying customer pay repair must primarily be for a covered FRM repair for the issues described in this Service
Information Bulletin.  Also, the repair facility ‘s procedures to address the above situation must have been performed
correctly , adequately , and completely , as required by the applicable BMW Group approved repair standards and
instructions.
 
Customer-pay repairs are subject to the same vehicle eligibility requirements, limitations, and exclusions that apply to the MINI
New Passenger Car Limited W arranty .
 
Repairs That Do Not Qualify for Reimbursement
 
Repairs performed on ineligible vehicles, eligible vehicles operated and repaired outside the United States and
Puerto Rico, or the diagnosis and repair of issues that are outside the intended scope of this extended
coverage, other unrelated issues, and/or that are due to outside influences are not covered by this limited
warranty extension. This exclusion also applies to repairs that were performed using (including those repairs
that result from using) non-genuine MINI parts and/or used MINI passenger car parts.
 
Requesting Reimbursement for a Previous Repair That Qualifies
 
For a customer to request reimbursement for a qualifying customer-pay repair performed either by an authorized MINI dealer or
independent repair shop located in the United States (including Puerto Rico), please have him/her submit his/her reimbursement
request online at WWW.MINI-RP .COM  under the following reference:
 
MINI EL W Footwell Module
 
Reimbursement Request Procedure
 
The online process is initiated by attaching/sending PDF files of the supporting documentation for the prior repair . 
 
The letter also includes alternative methods to request reimbursement, either through the mail or by fax as
described below:
 
MINI Customer Reimbursement Center
Attention: MINI EL W Footwell Module
P.O. Box 54067
Hurst, Texas 76054
 
Fax number: 877-434-2992
 
Please allow 4-6 weeks for processing your request.
 
Should you have any questions concerning this reimbursement process, please call 1-844-857-0341.
 
FEEDBACK REGARDING THIS BULLETIN
Technical FeedbackTo submit feedback for the technical topic of this bulletin: Submit your
feedback in the rating box at the top of this bulletin
Warranty FeedbackTo submit feedback for the CLAIMS section of this bulletin: Submit an IDS
ticket to the W arranty Department, or use the chat available in the
Warranty Documentation Portal
Parts FeedbackTo submit feedback for the P ARTS section of this bulletin: Submit an IDS
ticket to the Parts Department
Supporting Materials
picture_as_pdf M010616_A T_1 EL W RBMT  Interim Prd 02_2025.pdf
Copyright ©2025 MINI USA, a division of BMW of North America, LLC. All Rights Reserved2/28/25, 5:56 AM 01 06 16_FOOTWELL MODULE (FRM) EXTENDED LIMITED WTY (ELW) INCREASE TO 15 YRS/240,000 MI
about:blank 6/7
Copyright ©2025 MINI USA, a division of BMW of North America, LLC. All Rights Reserved2/28/25, 5:56 AM 01 06 16_FOOTWELL MODULE (FRM) EXTENDED LIMITED WTY (ELW) INCREASE TO 15 YRS/240,000 MI
about:blank 7/7
M01 06  16 FRM ELW (2025 Update)  1 February 2025
Footwell Module (FRM) Extended Limited Warranty (ELW) Increase To 15 Years/240,000 Miles
Certain applicable Model and Model Year MINI Clubman (R55), Hardtop (R56), Convertible (R57), Coupe (R58), 
Roadster (R59), Countryman (R60), Paceman (R61) Cooper, Cooper S, and Cooper JCWs may be affected. 
What is the specific issue? 
Either while preforming diagnosis and/or a vehicle software update procedure, or after a 12-volt battery 
disconnect, or a 12-volt power supply interruption on an affected vehicle, the Footwell Module (FRM) may fail 
(Consequential).
This can be caused by either a compatibility issue with certain combinations of vehicle software i-Levels and 
the version of the Footwell Module's hardware that is installed in the vehicle.
Or, the Footwell Module (FRM) itself failed prior to performing any vehicle diagnosis, or any other related 
repair work procedures.
Have you previously paid for this type of FRM repair? 
Prior to the release of this latest update to this component-specific extended limited warranty, if you 
previously paid for a repair that addressed / corrected an issue like the ones described above, you may be 
eligible to be reimbursed for certain previously paid repair costs that qualify.  
Addressing and repairing other vehicle issues and/or issues caused by installed non-genuine MINI parts and/
or used MINI passenger car parts are not covered under this extend ed limited warranty.
To request a reimbursement review of your previous customer pay repair invoice (Authorized MINI dealer or 
an independent repair shop), please submit your request on-line at www.MINI-RP.com under the following 
reference:
•MINI ELW F ootwell  Module
The on-line process is initiated by attaching/sending PDF files of your supporting documentation for the 
prior repair (Please include a copy of the completed page two (2) reimbursement request ch ecklist together 
with the other applicable required documentation).  
Please include a copy of the completed page two (2) reimbursement request checklist together with the other 
applicable required documentation.  
An a lternative method to request a reimbursement is either by mail, or by fax, as described below. 
MINI Customer Reimbursement Center 
Attention: MINI ELW Footwell Module  
P.O. Box 54067 
Hurst, TX 76054 / Fax number:  877-43 4-29 92 
Please allow 4-6 weeks to process your request.  
Should you have any questions concerning t his reimbursement process, please call 1-84 4-85 7-03 41. 
Sincerely, 
MINI USA, a division of BMW  of North America 
MINIAttachment 1 to SI M 01 16 16 February 2024
Company
MINI USA
A division of BMW
of North America, LLC
Website
www.miniusa.com
MINI Footwell Module (FRM) Extended Limited Warranty (ELW) 
Previou s Customer -Pay Repair Reimbursement – Required Documentation Checklist 
M01 06  16 FRM ELW (2025 Update)  2 Reimbursement for
 a qualifying customer pay repair is available to the MINI owner/ lessee who incurred the expense. The 
questions below will assist you in reviewing your repair order/invoice documentation.  
Prior Repair Review Questions  Answers - One per Row  
Did a prior repair to your vehicle address an issue with the FRM like the ones 
that are described in this letter?Yes, next  No 
Did you pay for this repair? Yes, next  No 
Does the repair facility's documentation confirm that the FRM was the the cause 
of the issue with your vehicle? Yes, pro ceed to the 
checklist  No 
When a Prior Repair Review Question’s result is a “No” response, no further action is required. 
Note:  Within the applicable MINI models and model years, there are affected and non-affected vehicles.
A qualifying customer pay repair must primarily address an FRM-related issue that is described in this letter.  Also, 
the repair facility ‘s procedures to correct the issue must have been performed correctly, adequately, and completely 
as required by the applicable BMW Group approved repair standards and instructions.
Required Repair Order (RO) or Invoice Documentation - Checklist
For a previous repair reimbursement request, please include a completed copy of this page 2 Required Documentation  
Checklist (one per repair/request) together with legible copies (either a scan, photo, PDF, and/or screenshots) of the  
following documentation with your name, address, and your preferred contact telephone number(s) and email  
address(es).
  Customer name and address  
  Vehicle Identification Number (“VIN”)  
  The date of repair  
  The mileage when the repair was performed  
  Itemized list of labor charges for all repairs* including diagnosis 
  Itemized list of parts (Part numbers), including any miscellaneous items, billed for all repairs*  
(*) For repair orders containing multiple repair line items, reimbursement  consideration will only be given to those line- item 
expenses that are directly related to the specific repair that is now covered by this component -specific extended limited 
warranty.  
Required Proof of Payment Documentation  
Please provide a copy of at least one of the following items as valid proof of payment:  
  Repair order (RO)/invoice stamped and dated as “PAID”  
  Cancelled check  
  Signed credit/debit card receipt  
  Credit/debit card statement  
MINI USA, a division of BMW of North America, LLC (“MINI USA”) reserves the right to review and adjust/reduce the 
amount that will be reimbursed based on what is normally recognized as customary, fair, and reasonable, to diagnose, 
perform a repair, or to replace component s (including the applicable scope  and directly related consequential part 
replacement s, and other related materials) to address the issue with the vehicle.   
Except for reasonable account number protection measures, illegible, altered/modified, incomplete, non -authentic 
and/or fabricated repair order/invoice documentation will not be accepted.  Attachment 1 to SI M 01 06 16 February 2025