Copyright 2025 General Motors. All Rights Reserved.Bulletin No.: PIE0818
Service BulletinDate: February, 2025
ENGINEERING INFORMATION
Engineering Information - Outside Rearview Mirror Skull Caps Falling Off
Proceed with this EI ONLY if the customer has commented about this
concern AND the PIE number is listed in the Global Warranty
Management / Investigate History link (GWM/IVH). If the customer has not
commented about this condition or the EI does not show in GWM/IVH,
disregard the PIE, and proceed with diagnostics found in published
service information. THIS IS NOT A RECALL refer to Service Bulletin
04-00-89-053 for more details on the use of Engineering Information
bulletins.
Brand: Model: Model Year: Breakpoint: Engine: Transmission:
from to from to
ChevroletSilverado 2500 HD/
3500 HD
2020 2025 — — — —
GMCSierra 2500 HD/3500
HD
 
Involved Region or Country U.S. Dealers ONLY
Condition Some customers may comment on their outside rearview mirror skull cap is missing.
CauseGM Engineering is attempting to determine the root cause of the above condition.
Engineering has a need to gather information on vehicles PRIOR to repair that may
exhibit this condition. As a result, this information will be used to "root cause" the
customer's concern and develop/validate a field fix.Subject:
Attention:
Correction
Important: Service agents must comply with all International, Federal, State, Provincial, and/or Local laws
applicable to the activities it performs under this bulletin, including but not limited to handling, deploying,
preparing, classifying, packaging, marking, labeling, and shipping dangerous goods. In the event of a
conflict between the procedures set forth in this bulletin and the laws that apply to your dealership, you
must follow those applicable laws.
If you encounter a vehicle with the above concern, perform the following steps and contact the engineer listed below
BEFORE  replacing any mirrors.
1. Inspect the outside rearview mirror with missing skull cap and confirm no obvious damage other than the
missing cap.
2. Contact the engineer listed below for further instructions.
Contact Information
The Contact Information has been redacted.
Page 2 February, 2025 Bulletin No.: PIE0818
GM bulletins are intended for use by professional technicians, NOT a "do-it-yourselfer" . They are written to inform these
technicians of conditions that may occur on some vehicles, or to provide information that could assist in the proper
service of a vehicle. Properly trained technicians have the equipment, tools, safety instructions, and know-how to do a job
properly and safely. If a condition is described, DO NOT assume that the bulletin applies to your vehicle, or that your
vehicle will have that condition. See your GM dealer for information on whether your vehicle may beneﬁt from the
information.
WE SUPPORT VOLUNTARY
TECHNICIAN
CERTIFICATIONPlease include the following information if leaving a message:
- Technician name
- Dealer name and phone number
- Complete VIN and repair order (R.O) number
On the repair order, document the date and time the call was placed (even if the engineer was not reached).
If engineering is unable to return the call within one hour, proceed with diagnosis and repair based on information
found in SI.
 
Warranty Information
If an engineer was contacted or required information was provided, use:
Labor Operation Description Labor Time
2087028* Engineering Information - Outside Rearview Mirror Skull Caps
Falling Off (Replacement)1.0
Add To Color/Clear Coat (Paint Code GD) 0.8
Add With Tint Coat/Tri-Coat Paint (Paint Code PB) 0.6
*This is a unique Labor Operation for bulletin use only.
 
Version 1
Modified Released February 21, 2025