Fuel Pump Warranty Extension  
Ten-year Warranty Coverage on 2014 - 2022 Burgman 200 /200 ABS  Fuel Pumps  
February 10 , 2025 
Dear Burgm an Owner: 
Suzuki Motor Corporation (S MC) is announcing a ten -year warranty repair coverage  on the fuel 
pumps of 2014 – 2022 Burgman 200/ 200 ABS scooter s. Ac cording to our records, you own one 
of the scooters  affected by this Fuel Pump Warranty Extension. 
What is t he pr oblem? 
It has been determined that ope rating or s toring a Burgman 200/ 200 ABS scooter i n an area 
where s alt water from s evere atmospheric phenomena may accumulate onto the fuel pump, the 
fuel pump disc harge port resin material may deteriorate from extended contact with 
compounds  present i n the salt w ater. Thi s det erioration, c ombined with be nding stress f rom the 
fuel pump outlet hose, can cause micro cracks to form in the discharge port resin material. In the 
worst case over time, the micro cracks may enlarge into a larger crack that pass es 
completely  through the fuel pump discharge port structure. In this case, fuel leakage can occur 
from the crack. 
What i s Suzuki doing t o solve t he pr oblem? 
To ensur e customer satisfaction, SMC has decided t o ext end t he warranty perio d for t he fuel pump 
on the 2014 – 2022 Burgman 200/ 200 ABS ( UH200/AL4- M2). The extension will provi de warranty 
coverage for t en years (unlimited mileage), s tarting on the origina l date of pur chase.  
What you should do: 
If you encounter an operational or leaka ge issu e wit h the fuel pump, bri ng your scooter to an 
authorized Suz uki deal er. Y our deal er can  then di agnosis t he issue t o see if the Fuel P ump 
Warranty Extension w ill cover the required r epairs. If the repair w ill be covered, the dealer w ill 
then replace the fuel pum p and related parts, plus ins tall a new, rubber protective cov er that will 
help shield the pump f rom future salt w ater-relate d deterioration 
What to d o if you receive this notice i n error: 
This notic e was mailed t o you accordi ng to the latest informati on that is availabl e to us. If you no 
longer ow n the scooter described in this not ice, pl ease complete, and return the attached Change 
of Address /Ownership car d to Su zuki M otor U SA, L LC and forward this warranty ex tension 
information to t he current owner ( if known). 
1/2 
Suzuki Motor U SA, L LC  P.O. B ox 1100, B rea, C A 92822  
2/2 
Suzuki Motor USA, LLC  P.O. Box 1100, Brea, CA 92822  Customer reimbursement for repairs before the Fuel Pump Warranty Extension:  
If your scooter  is included in this Fuel Pump Warranty Extension and you have paid for repairs to 
address an issue that would have been covered by the extension,  you may be eligible for full or 
partial reimbursement. Please note the following conditions for reimbursement:  
O
nly repairs made to address the fuel pump issue discussed in the letter  are reimbursable. 
Additional expenses such as towing, car rental, accommodations, damage repairs, etc., will not 
be reimbursed. Reimbursement will not be provided for routine scheduled maint enance.  
Reimbursement may be limited to the suggested list price for parts, the Suzuki published flat -rate 
time allowance for the repair, and the labor rate that an authorized Suzuki d ealer in the same area 
would charge for the same repair.   
R
eimbursement claims may also be excluded when the claimant does not submit adequate 
documentation. This includes a proof of ownership, a repair order, and proof of payment for the 
repair.  
W
ho to contact if you experience problems:  
Your Suzuki d ealer can provide you the fastest response to your questions or concerns about this 
Fuel Pump Warranty Extension. If you have any difficulty related to the fuel pump or this extension, 
you may contact Suzuki’s U.S.  Customer Service Department for assistance at (714) 572- 1490 
during the hours of 7: 30 AM to 4:30 PM Pacific Time. Please have your scooter’s  identification 
number (VIN) ready when calling.  
I
f you need to locate your nearest Suzuki dealer, please visit www.suzukicycles.com , click on 
OWNERS , scroll to the bottom of the page to the RESOURCES list and select Find a Dealer . On 
the Find a Dealer page enter your zip code and select Submit .  
W
e sincerely regret any inconvenience this situation may cause, but we are certain you 
understand our interest in your safety and your continued satisfaction with your Suzuki Burgman 
200/200 ABS  scooter.  
S
incerely,  
S
uzuki Motor USA, LLC.  