Copyright 2025 General Motors. All Rights Reserved.GM bulletins are intended for use by professional technicians, NOT a "do-it-yourselfer" . They are written to inform these
technicians of conditions that may occur on some vehicles, or to provide information that could assist in the proper
service of a vehicle. Properly trained technicians have the equipment, tools, safety instructions, and know-how to do a job
properly and safely. If a condition is described, DO NOT assume that the bulletin applies to your vehicle, or that your
vehicle will have that condition. See your GM dealer for information on whether your vehicle may beneﬁt from the
information.
WE SUPPORT VOLUNTARY
TECHNICIAN
CERTIFICATIONBulletin No.: 25-NA-024
Service BulletinDate: February, 2025
INFORMATION
Trailer Lighting Inoperative After Accessory Hitch Installed
This Bulletin replaces PIT6271A. Please discard PIT6271A.
 
Brand: Model: Model Year: VIN: Engine: Transmission:
from to from to
Chevrolet Equinox 2025 2025 - - All All
GMC Terrain 2025 2025 - - All All
 
Involved Region or Country North America
ConditionSome customers/technicians may comment that after hitch installation, the trailer lighting
is inoperative.
CauseThe cause of the condition may be a calibration being required for the lighting control
module to activate the lighting to the trailering connector.
CorrectionThe installation instructions have been updated to include the need for the Lighting
Control Module calibration update.
The instruction sheets will contain the authorization codes.
Refer to "Trailer Hitch Platform Package Installation" in the Accessory Installation
Manual.Subject:
Important: Service agents must comply with all International, Federal, State, Provincial, and/or Local laws
applicable to the activities it performs under this bulletin, including but not limited to handling, deploying,
preparing, classifying, packaging, marking, labeling, and shipping dangerous goods. In the event of a
conflict between the procedures set forth in this bulletin and the laws that apply to your dealership, you
must follow those applicable laws.
 
Parts Information
No parts are required for this repair.
 
Version 1
Modified Released February 06, 2025