Copyright 2025 General Motors. All Rights Reserved.Bulletin No.: 25-NA-030
Service BulletinDate: February, 2025
TECHNICAL
Squeak Type Noise Heard When Applying the Brake Pedal
 
Brand: Model: Model Year: Breakpoint: Engine: Transmission:
from to from to
Chevrolet Equinox
2025 2025 — — — —
GMC Terrain
 
Involved Region or Country North America, Middle East, Argentina (Mercosur), Brazil (Mercosur)
ConditionSome customers may comment on having a squeak type noise heard when applying the
brake pedal.
CauseThe condition may be due to contact between the brake pedal position (BPP) sensor and
the pin that moves it.
Correction
6836897
Reach up to the top of the brake pedal area and apply Multi-Purpose Lubricant,
Superlube (GM Part No. 12346241, in Canada 10953474) or equivalent to the contact
point, As shown in the picture above, and cycle the brake pedal a few times to distribute
the lubricant.Subject:
 
Page 2 February, 2025 Bulletin No.: 25-NA-030
GM bulletins are intended for use by professional technicians, NOT a "do-it-yourselfer" . They are written to inform these
technicians of conditions that may occur on some vehicles, or to provide information that could assist in the proper
service of a vehicle. Properly trained technicians have the equipment, tools, safety instructions, and know-how to do a job
properly and safely. If a condition is described, DO NOT assume that the bulletin applies to your vehicle, or that your
vehicle will have that condition. See your GM dealer for information on whether your vehicle may beneﬁt from the
information.
WE SUPPORT VOLUNTARY
TECHNICIAN
CERTIFICATIONService Procedure
Important: Service agents must comply with all International, Federal, State, Provincial, and/or Local laws
applicable to the activities it performs under this bulletin, including but not limited to handling, deploying,
preparing, classifying, packaging, marking, labeling, and shipping dangerous goods. In the event of a
conflict between the procedures set forth in this bulletin and the laws that apply to your dealership, you
must follow those applicable laws.
 
Parts Information
No parts are required for this repair.
 
Warranty Information
For vehicles repaired under warranty, use:
Labor Operation Description Labor Time
2486398* Applying Lubricant to Brake Pedal Position (BPP) Sensor Pin 0.3 Hrs.
*This is a unique Labor Operation for Bulletin use only.
 
Version 1
Modified Released February 13, 2025