Copyright 2025 General Motors. All Rights Reserved.Bulletin No.: 25-NA-025
Service BulletinDate: February, 2025
TECHNICAL
Malfunction Indicator Lamp (MIL) Illuminated - DTCs P0690, P16B3, and/or
P2420 Set
Brand: Model: Model Year: Build Date: Engine: Transmissi
on:from to from to
BuickEncore GX
2025 2026     LBP  Envista
ChevroletTrailblazer
Trax
 
Involved Region or Country North America
ConditionSome customers may comment that the MIL is illuminated.
Note:  A software issue may cause the DTCs noted below to incorrectly set and illumi-
nate the MIL in the ECM.
Some technicians may find one or more of the following DTCs set in the ECM:
• P0690: Engine Controls Ignition Relay Feedback Circuit High Voltage
• P16B3: Engine Controls Ignition Relay Feedback Circuit 2 High Voltage
Some technicians may also find P2420 (Evaporative Emission System Vacuum Leak
Pump module switching valve shorted to battery) set in History in the ECM.
CauseThis condition may be caused by a short to power in the wiring or connectors to the
Evaporative Emission System Vacuum Leak Pump.
CorrectionCheck wiring and connectors to the Evaporative Emission System Vacuum Leak Pump
for continuity and shorts and repair/replace wiring issues.
⇒ If no wiring issues are found, then replace the Evaporative Emission System Vac-
uum Leak Detection Pump.Subject:
 
Important: Service agents must comply with all International, Federal, State, Provincial, and/or Local laws
applicable to the activities it performs under this bulletin, including but not limited to handling, deploying,
preparing, classifying, packaging, marking, labeling, and shipping dangerous goods. In the event of a
conflict between the procedures set forth in this bulletin and the laws that apply to your dealership, you
must follow those applicable laws.
 
Service Procedure
Refer to  Wire to Wire Repair in SI.
 
Page 2 February, 2025 Bulletin No.: 25-NA-025
GM bulletins are intended for use by professional technicians, NOT a "do-it-yourselfer" . They are written to inform these
technicians of conditions that may occur on some vehicles, or to provide information that could assist in the proper
service of a vehicle. Properly trained technicians have the equipment, tools, safety instructions, and know-how to do a job
properly and safely. If a condition is described, DO NOT assume that the bulletin applies to your vehicle, or that your
vehicle will have that condition. See your GM dealer for information on whether your vehicle may beneﬁt from the
information.
WE SUPPORT VOLUNTARY
TECHNICIAN
CERTIFICATIONWarranty Information
For vehicles repaired under warranty, use:
Labor Operation Description Labor Time
5430902 Wire-to-Wire Repair
Use the Published Labor
Operations Time4027810Evaporative Emission System Vacuum Leak Detection Pump
Replacement
 
Version 1
Modified Released February 18, 2025
 