SLINGSHOT
HELP CENTER
What can we help you find? SEARCH
Help Center Home  / Article
02/21/2025
2025 Slingshot Angle Drive Fluid Change
Requir ed Tools and Supplies
8mm Allen Socket
Ratchet
Torque Wrench
Fluid Filler
Drain P an
Angle Drive Fluid
Eye Protection
Nitrile Gloves
Shop Rags
To learn more about tools, read the Tools and F asteners Guide . Always wear safety glasses and nitrile
gloves when servicing your Slingshot.2025 P olaris Slingshot | Angle Driv e Fluid Change | Slingshot 2025 P olaris Slingshot | Angle Driv e Fluid Change | Slingshot
To change the angle drive fluid on your Slingshot, follow these steps:
1. Park the vehicle on a flat, level surface, vehicles with AutoDrive leave in neutral, vehicles with
manual transmission, leave in gear. Then set the parking brake.
2. Safely elevate the vehicle using appropriate jack stands. R eference your Owner’s Manual  for
proper lifting techniques.
3. Remove the fill plug located on the left side of the angle drive housing.
4. Place a drain pan under the drain plug.  Tip: Placing a rag at the bottom of the pan will help
prevent the splashing of fluid.
5. Remove the drain plug with an 8mm Allen socket and allow the fluid to drain completely.
6. Before reinstalling, clean any dirt or debris from the fill and drain plugs.
7. Inspect the O-rings on both plugs, looking for any burrs and nicks. R eplace, if necessary.
8. Reinstall the drain plug. Torque to 10-14 ft-lbs (14-19 Nm).
9. Add the recommended fluid. Do not overfill. Maintain the fluid level at the bottom edge of the fill
hole. The capacity is 25.4 oz (750 ml) of Slingshot Angle Drive Fluid or Full S ynthetic 85w–250
Fluid.  Note: Use a syringe to add the fluid. If a syringe is not available, use a funnel and tube to add
the fluid.
10. Reinstall the fill plug. Torque to 10-14 ft-lbs (14-19 Nm).
11. Clean any residual fluid off the vehicle and inspect for leaks.
12. Lower the vehicle completely.
13. Dispose of the used fluid properly at your local recycling center.
For more information, see your authorized Slingshot Dealer. Find a dealer near you with the  Dealer
Locator .
Maintenance tips, procedures and specifications can be found in your  Owner's Manual .
To find diagrams and replacement part numbers, use the  online parts catalog .
YouTube® is a r egistered trademark o f Google LL C