 
  
   
 
This document does not authorize warranty repairs.   This communication documents a record of past experiences.   STAR Online  
does not provide any conclusions about what is wrong with the vehicle.  Rather, it captures all previous cases known that appear  
to be similar or related to the vehicle symptom / condition.   You are the expert, and you are responsible for deciding on the  
appropriate course of action.  
 
Contact STAR Center, or your Technical Assistance Center Via TechConnect,  eCONTACT or Service Library  
entry if no solution is found .  
 
Stellantis  US LLC                                           Version 4.5 07/22/2022 
 
Case Number:   S2523000011  
 
 
Release Date:   February  2025  
 
 
Symptom/Vehicle Issue : Exterior Mirror Blind Spot LED Indicator Inoperative  Or W ill 
Not Tur n Off . Diagnostic Trouble Code  (DTC) B285F -11 And Or  B285F -15 Set.  
 
 
Customer Complaint/T echnician Observation:  The customer may find that either 
the left or right blind spot indicators remain on or off. Technician may find  DTC’s  in the 
drive r / passenger door modules  DDM PDM : 
 
B285F -11-BLIND SPOT WARNING LIGHT CONTROL -CIRCUIT SHORT TO 
GROUND – Indicat or always OFF  
 
B285F -15-BLIND SPOT WARNING LIGHT CONTROL -CIRCUIT SHORT TO 
BATTERY OR OPEN – Indicator Always ON   
 
 
Discussion : When a vehicle is not present in the blind spot zone and a blind spot 
system fault exists, the LED indicators in the mirrors will illuminate. Having only one  
blind spot indicator illuminated with no objects in the blind spot zone is a telltale sign 
that the mirror not illuminating has a fault.  
 
Using WiT ECH , command the blind spot Indicators on in the DDM  / PDM. Tilt the 
mirror in order to gain access to the LED indicator wiring harness. Wiggle test the 
wiring near the LED indicator connector. Watch the corresponding LED indicator. If the 
light turns on and off as the wiring is moved, that mirror most  likely has a spread 
terminal.  
 
 
  
   
 
This document does not authorize warranty repairs.   This communication documents a record of past experiences.   STAR Online  
does not provide any conclusions about what is wrong with the vehicle.  Rather, it captures all previous cases known that appear  
to be similar or related to the vehicle symptom / condition.   You are the expert, and you are responsible for deciding on the  
appropriate course of action.  
 
Contact STAR Center, or your Technical Assistance Center Via TechConnect,  eCONTACT or Service Library  
entry if no solution is found .  
 
Stellantis  US LLC                                           Version 4.5 07/22/2022 
 
 
Repair:  
 
1. Inspect the mirr or blind spot indicator connector for being fully  connect ed. Use the 
push push pull method to verify the connector is fully seated. Then perform the 
verificat ion test.  
 
2. If the concern is isolated when performing the wiggle test. The mirror glass should 
be replaced. The replacement mirror will have a new wiring harness for the LED 
indicator  and will eliminate the loose terminal fitment concern.  Then perform the 
verification test.  
 
Verification:  After replacing the mirror glass or the mirror assembly clear the DTC’s. 
Using WiTech, again turn on the Blind Spot indicators. Wiggle test the wiring to confirm 
a loose connection is no longer present.  
 
 
Blind Spot Indicator C onnector Location  
