Importante Campaña de Servicio — Si tienes preguntas, llama al 1-800-633- 5151  y oprima “1”Dear <FirstName LastName,>
Hyundai is conducting a service campaign to perform a Central Communication Unit (“CCU”) Logic Update on certain 2024 model year 
Kona vehicles . Our records indicate that your vehicle is affected by this campaign.
What is the purpose of this campaign?
The subject vehicles may not be providing the Wi-Fi Hotspot setting information, specifically, the Mac address.
What will Hyundai do?
Hyundai has deployed an Over-The-Air (OTA)* update for the CCU to improve the vehicle’s Wi-Fi hotspot connectivity.
What should you do?
Please update your vehicle “CCU” using the OTA software update. If the OTA option is not preferred, the software fails to install properly, or 
if you do not have Bluelink Connected Services, your Hyundai dealer will update the logic of the “CCU.”  This procedure will be performed 
at NO CHARGE  to you.
The actual time required to perform this procedure on your vehicle will take less than 30 minutes, however, your vehicle may be needed 
longer. To schedule an appointment with your preferred Hyundai dealer, please call 1-855-371-9460  or visit:
 1. Visit www.hyundaiusa.com/campaignhome
 2. Enter your 17-digit Vehicle Identification Number (“VIN”) from the top of this letter and click the “Search” button.
 3.  Click “Schedule Appointment,” enter your zip code in the Dealership Locator tool, click the “Find a Dealer” button, and follow 
the onscreen prompts to schedule your service appointment.
Additional information
If you have any questions or require further assistance, you may contact the Hyundai Customer Care Center at 1-855-371-9460 . To 
better assist you during your call, please use the last 8 characters of your VIN (the bold  characters in the VIN at the top of this letter).
Thank you for your attention to this important service procedure. We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused you. 
Hyundai Motor America
*Over-The-Air (OTA) Software Updates
2024 Model Year Kona vehicles  feature OTA software update technology. OTA technology uses wireless communication to deliver the 
latest software to your vehicle’s systems. OTA updates enable your vehicle to have the latest software over time, providing essential safety, 
performance, and feature enhancements efficiently and securely. Note: OTA updates are available on Bluelink-enabled vehicles opted in 
to receive the updates.Hyunda i Moto r America
P.O. Box 2 704
Huntington Beach, CA 92647
IMPORTANT SERVICE CAMPAIGN
Central Communication Unit Logic Update for Wi-Fi Hotspot ImprovementHyundai Campaign Number: 9A7
[MM/DD/YYYY]
This is an important Manufacturer’s Service Campaign.
•   A software update is available for your vehicle. Please contact your nearest Hyundai dealer to schedule this procedure . 
•   The service campaign will be performed on your vehicle at NO CHARGE to you.
•   To locate your nearest Hyundai dealer and schedule your appointment, please call or visit:
1-855-371-9460  or www.hyundaiusa.c om/campaignhome
This notice applies to your 2024 Hyundai Kona vehicle, VIN: XXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXX
If you are a vehicle lessor, Federal law requires that any vehicle lessor receiving this notice must forward a copy of this notice to the lessee 
within ten days. 
Have you previously paid for this repair?
If you have previously paid for a repair that addresses the problem described in this letter, you may be eligible for a reimbursement. To 
submit for reimbursement: 
 1. Visit www.hyundaiusa.com/campaignhome
 2. Click this icon in the top right of the webpage:         
 3. Click “Contact Us” 
 4. Click the “Campaign Reimbursement” tile and follow the onscreen directions to submit.
You can also call to obtain additional information at 1-855-371-9460 . 
No longer own this vehicle?
You received this notification because U.S. federal regulations require automotive manufacturers to notify last known owners of vehicles 
based on current owner records. Our records are based primarily on state registration and title data, which indicate that you are the  
current owner.
If you no longer own this vehicle, and have an address for the current owner, please forward this letter to the new owner.IMPORTANT SERVICE CAMPAIGNHyunda i Moto r America
P.O. Box 2 704
Huntington Beach, CA 92647Hyundai Campaign Number: 9A7