 
 Page 1 of 6 
  
TECHNICAL SERVICE OPERATIONS  
All rights reserved. Reproduction or translation in 
whole or in part is not permitted without 
authorization from the publisher. Printed in USA  MAS00 4616 © 202 5 Maserati North 
America. Aftersales  
www.maseratiusa.com   
 
 
 
MAS 004616 MTB 25-07 
Technical Information  
FROM : Maserati TSO      
TO: Maserati Network   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DATE : FEBRUARY  21, 2025 
 
This technical bulletin serves as a guide and provides supplementary information for field 
management of repairs to Ghibli , Quattroporte  and Levante  dashboard s, specifically addressing 
the leather detachment issue typically found in the central upper area.  
 
For field management of related cases, we ask you to check on -site the availability of a leather 
specialist  (upholstery  shop) who can carry out the below -indicated repair.  
 
 
MODELS:  M157 Ghibli , M156 QP and M161 Leva nte (All MY) . 
 
CUSTOMER CONCERN : Dashboard leather bubbling or peeling  
NOTE:  
▪ A mandatory  preliminary BOL for Warranty Authorization to receive formal authorization to 
proceed with the rework.  The BOL must contain the following attachments:  
o Detailed hi-res pictures of the  entire  dashboard and a close  up of the affected area for 
technical  feasible  evaluation.  (Post-it note showing last 6 of VIN, time, and date ). 
o Official cost estimation from the external specialist for cost evaluation  and authorization.  
In case of any technical doubt or if support is needed it is possible to open a BOL for 
Technical Support reasons . 
 
▪ The leather specialist rework will be reimbursed in a sublet, attaching the Bill of the external supplier 
inside the Warranty claim. In addition, dealer could claim replacement  operation as reported below . 
 
In case of rework technical  feasibility but  local unavailability  of a leather specialist able to perform 
this repair, any approval exemption for the replacement of the entire dashboard must be 
requested by entering a Blue on Line as a Request for Warranty Authorization  with a pre -
authorization done by your RAM.  
See warranty instructions on the last page.  Dashboard Leather Repair Procedure  
ATTENTION! This bulletin supersedes  MAS00 4473 MTB 25-01 released on Jan 28, 2025. This bulletin  has 
been updated  with new info. Please discard/remove all copies of the previous bulletin.  
 
 Page 2 of 6 
  
TECHNICAL SERVICE OPERATIONS  
All rights reserved. Reproduction or translation in 
whole or in part is not permitted without 
authorization from the publisher. Printed in USA  MAS00 4616 © 202 5 Maserati North 
America. Aftersales  
www.maseratiusa.com  Repair procedure  
The repair below is applicable only to dashboard areas classified as “C” and “B” . No rework or 
modification is allowed in the  area classified as “A” due to the presence of the passenger airbag.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Due to airbag in this location . DO 
NOT perform rework in this area . 
Picture 1: Ghibli dashboard reworkable areas  
 
Picture 2: Quattroporte dashboard reworkable areas  Due to airbag in this location . DO 
NOT perform rework in this area.  
 
 Page 3 of 6 
  
TECHNICAL SERVICE OPERATIONS  
All rights reserved. Reproduction or translation in 
whole or in part is not permitted without 
authorization from the publisher. Printed in USA  MAS00 4616 © 202 5 Maserati North 
America. Aftersales  
www.maseratiusa.com   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Tools neede d: 
- Clip removal tool  
- Stapler ( suited for upholstery)  
- Heat Gun  
- Spatula  
- Isopropyl alcohol -based glue removers  
 
NOTE: all the sample pictures below  are refer ring to a Ghibli  dashboard, but the same repair cycle 
is applicable also on Quattroporte and Levante  
 
To repair while guaranteeing Maserati quality standards, the following instructions must be applied:  
 
1) Remove the dashboard following the related procedure reported in the workshop manual.  
2) Apply the necessary protections to the dashboard to avoid damage in the areas not involved 
in the repair.  
3) Remove all the necessary components from the dashboard to have it in the state illustrated in 
the image below . 
 
 
Due to airbag in this location . DO 
NOT perform rework in this area.  
Picture 3: Levante  dashboard reworkable areas  Due to airbag in this location . DO 
NOT perform rework in this area.  
 
 Page 4 of 6 
  
TECHNICAL SERVICE OPERATIONS  
All rights reserved. Reproduction or translation in 
whole or in part is not permitted without 
authorization from the publisher. Printed in USA  MAS00 4616 © 202 5 Maserati North 
America. Aftersales  
www.maseratiusa.com  4) Remove any staples applied to the area to be reworked . 
 
5) Evaluate the extent of the skin detachment  and, if possible , partially intervene in  the affected 
area  with a localized repair or confirm that it is  necessary to completely remove the skin from 
the entire section of the dashboard.  
PARTIAL REPAIR  
1) Using a cloth , isopropyl alcohol , and a n upholstery spatula (recommended product: Socomore 
Sacosat A 2501 cleaning wipes)  depending on the type of detachment, carefully remove any glue 
residue from the dashboard support, the polyurethane foam support , and the underside of the 
leather itself. Using fine sandpaper, sand the area of the dashboard affected by the rework to 
ensure a better hold of the adhesive.  
 
 
Using a heat gun at a distance of no less than 30 cm, gently heat and pull the leather to make it 
regain elasticity and ensure correct positioning on the dashboard support.  
 
2) Using a heat gun at a distance of no less than 30 cm, gently heat and pull the leather to make 
it regain elasticity and ensure correct positioning on the dashboard support.  
 

 
 Page 5 of 6 
  
TECHNICAL SERVICE OPERATIONS  
All rights reserved. Reproduction or translation in 
whole or in part is not permitted without 
authorization from the publisher. Printed in USA  MAS00 4616 © 202 5 Maserati North 
America. Aftersales  
www.maseratiusa.com  3) Apply a layer of adhesive between the detached parts (leather, polyurethane foam, dashboard), 
follow ing the specific instructions of the product used. Re -glue the leather, taking care to ensure 
correct adhesion on the relative application surface.  
 
Suggested Adhesive: Thermonex 063 -05°/006B (Supplier: HB Fuller) or Bison Kit (Supplier Bison)  
4) Using a stapler, apply new skin -retaining staples to the area of the original application.  
  
5) Heat the glued area at a low temperature (using a heat gun at a distance of no less than 30 
cm) to accelerate the polymerization process of the adhesive used.  
 
 
TOTAL REPAIR  
1) Using a saddle spatula remove the entire affected leather section . 
2) Using a cloth , isopropyl alcohol , and an upholstery spatula (recommended product: Socomore 
Sacosat A 2501 cleaning wipes)  depending on the type of detachment, carefully remove any 
glue residue from the dashboard support, the polyurethane foam support , and the underside of 
the leather itself. Using fine sandpaper, sand the area of the dashboard affected by the rework 
to ensure a better hold of the adhesive.  

 
 Page 6 of 6 
  
TECHNICAL SERVICE OPERATIONS  
All rights reserved. Reproduction or translation in 
whole or in part is not permitted without 
authorization from the publisher. Printed in USA  MAS00 4616 © 202 5 Maserati North 
America. Aftersales  
www.maseratiusa.com         
3) If necessary, locally source  a new sheet of polyurethane foam and shape it appropriately.  The 
polyurethane foam must be made in URL material (Polyurethane) and have a thickness of 2.5 
mm and a density of 40 Kg/m³ . 
 
4) Apply a uniform layer of adhesive to the dashboard, following the specific instructions for the 
product used.  Suggested Adhesive: Thermonex 063 -05°/006B (Supplier: HB Fuller) or Bison Kit 
(Supplier Bison) . 
 
5) Apply the shaped polyurethane foam and wait for the glue to polymerize.  
 
6) Apply on the back surface of the leather a uniform layer of adhesive, following specific instructions of 
the product .  
 
7) Apply the leather on the foam layer taking care to ensure correct adhesion.  
 
8) Heat the part at a low temperature (using a heat gun at a distance of no less than 30 cm) to 
accelerate the polymerization process of the adhesive used.  
NOTE:  before reassembling the dashboard, it is advisable to wait at least 12 hours  and thoroughly 
clean the leather using specific products.  
In case of local unavailability of a leather specialist able to perform this repair, any approval 
exemption for the replacement of the entire dashboard must be requested by entering a Blue on -
line as a Request for Warranty Authorization.  
 
 
 
Warranty Claim  
 
Fill in the  Warranty Claims as follows:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
No other costs other than those listed will be reimbursed . 
Description  Code  
Warranty Code  16 
Component Code  9.50.001  
Replacement  9.50.001. X*  
(* Replacement Labor code to be 
selected according to Tech Doc Flat 
rate Guide  for the specific VIN) 
External Rework with Leather 
Specialist  Sublet  