GENERAL MOTORS  
DCS 7143  
URGENT - DISTRIBUTE IMMEDIATELY  
 
Date:  February 13 , 2025 
  
Subject:  N242489790  - Emission Recall  
 VECI Label Missing Required Information  
  
Models:  2025 Chevrolet Silverado 1500  
 2025 Chevrolet Silverado 2500 HD/3500 HD  
 2025 GMC Sierra 1500  
 2025 GMC Sierra 2500 HD/3500 HD  
   
  
General Motors is releasing  Emission Recall N242489790  today.    
What Should Dealers Do:  Dealers should review IVH or the Dealer Maxis reports 
for open VINs in their inventory.   Dealers can view the attached bulletin and it 
will also be displayed in Service Information tomorrow.    
The Stock VIN list of vehicles in dealer inventory is attached to this message. 
Note: this list is only accurate at the time of report creation and all VINs should 
be validated in IVH prior to repair.  
 
 
END OF MESSAGE  
Emission  Recall  
N2424 89790  VECI Label Missing Required Information   
 
 Page 1 of 4 
 
Release Date:  February  2025 Revision:  00 
 
Attention:  All involved vehicles in the US and Canada that are in dealer inventory must be held and not delivered 
to customers, dealer traded, or used for demonstration purposes until the repair contained in this bulletin 
has been performed on the vehicle.  
 
Make  Model  Model Year  
From  To 
Chevrolet  Silverado 1500  
2025  2025  Chevrolet  Silverado 2500 HD/3500 HD  
GMC  Sierra 1500  
GMC  Sierra 2500 HD/3500 HD  
Investigate Vehicle History (IVH) in the GM Global Warranty Management system should always be checked to confirm 
vehicle involvement prior to beginning any required inspections and/or repairs .   
Condition  General Motors has decided to conduct a voluntary emissions recall.  The Vehicle Emissions Control 
Information (VECI) label may not include all required information.  
Correction  Dealers are to install a new VECI label.  
Parts  
Quantity  Part Name  Part No.  
1 Vehicle Emission and Control Information (VECI) Label  19354745  
Note: The label is  VIN specific. Order the label through the EPC and enter the VIN number in the order field. A VIN is 
needed for label orders. For ordering issues, email gmcert@duramarkusa.com . 
Canada Dealers:  
Pre-shipment for Inventory Vehicles:  An initial supply of labels will be pre -shipped to involved Canadian dealers on record. 
This pre -shipment is scheduled to begin the week of February 10, 2025.  
Customer Owned Vehicles: Dealers should only order labels for customer -owned vehicles once the customer has 
attended the dealer and you are aware a label needs to be ordered.  
To Order labels:  If a label is needed, please contact the Warranty Call Centre at 1 -888-222-5546 to order labels. The 
labels will be provided free of charge. Dealers will be required to provide a VIN at the time of ordering. Please use the 
Field Action nu mber N2424 89790  when ordering the label.   Labels will not be provided for VINs which are not involved 
in this recall.   DO NOT ORDER the label using the part number in the chart .   
Warranty Information  
Labor 
Operation  Description  Labor 
Time  Trans. 
Type  Net 
Item 
9107851  Vehicle Emission and Control Information (VECI) Label 
Replacement  0.2 ZFAT  N/A 
Service Procedure  
Important:  Do NOT place NEW label over existing label.  
Emission  Recall  
N242489790 VECI Label Missing Required Information   
 
  Page 2 of 4 
  
 6840549  
 6840550  
1. Remove the Vehicle Emission and Control Information (VECI) Label (A for LZ0 -equipped vehicles, B for L5P/L8T -
equipped vehicles) and any residue using isopropyl alcohol and dry with clean, lint free cloth. Receiving surface 
MUST be clean, dry and free of any contaminants.  
2. Firmly hold the new label and peel protective liner from the back side, being careful not to touch or contaminate the 
adhesive with dirt or foreign matter.  
3. Carefully  align new label to the surface. Press firmly and smooth out entire label ensuring corners are fully adhered.  
4. CALIFORNIA, COLORADO, CONNECTICUT, DELAWARE, MAINE, MARYLAND, MASSACHUSETTS, NEW 
JERSEY, NEW YORK, OREGON, RHODE ISLAND, VERMONT, WASHINGTON VEHICLES ONLY: Install a Recall 
Identification Label upon recall completion.   See General Motors Service Policies a nd Procedures Manual, Recall 
Identification Label, for details.  
5. CALIFORNIA VEHICLES ONLY: Complete a “Proof of Correction” certificate and provide to the vehicle owner upon 
recall completion.   For the recall number on the “Proof of Correction” certificate, enter only the six digits in characters 
4-9 of this recall bulletin number: 248979 . 
Dealer Responsibility   
All new, used, GM Certified Pre -Owned (CPO), courtesy transportation vehicles, dealer shuttle vehicles, CarBravo, etc. 
in dealers' possession and subject to this recall must be held and inspected/repaired per the service procedure of this 
bulletin before c ustomers take possession of these vehicles. Involved vehicles must be held and not delivered to 
customers, dealer -traded, released to auction, used for demonstration, or any other purpose.  

Emission  Recall  
N242489790 VECI Label Missing Required Information   
 
  Page 3 of 4 
  
All GM Certified Pre -Owned (CPO) vehicles currently in the dealers’ inventory within the SHIFT Digital system will be 
de-certified and must be held and remedied per the service procedure in this bulletin. Upon submitting an accepted/paid 
warranty transaction in the Global Warranty Managem ent (GWM) system, the vehicle can be re -certified for sale within 
the SHIFT Digital system, or once again be used in the Courtesy Transportation Program.  
Dealers are to service all vehicles subject to this recall at no charge to customers, regardless of mileage, age of vehicle, 
or ownership, from this time forward.  
Customers who have recently purchased vehicles sold from your vehicle inventory, and for which there is no customer 
information indicated on the dealer listing, are to be contacted by the dealer.  Arrangements are to be made to make the 
required correction  according to the instructions contained in this bulletin.  A copy of the customer letter is provided in this 
bulletin for your use in contacting customers.  Recall follow -up cards should not be used for this purpose, since the 
customer may not as yet have  received the notification letter.  
In summary, whenever a vehicle subject to this recall  enters your vehicle inventory you must take the steps necessary to 
ensure the program correction has been made before selling the vehicle.   In addition, for vehicles entering your facility for 
service, you are required to ensure the customer is aware of t he open recall  and make every reasonable effort to 
implement the program correction as set forth in this bulletin prior to releasing the vehicle.  
Dealer Reports  – For USA & Export  
For dealers with involved vehicles, a listing has been prepared and will be available through GM Global  Connect Maxis 
Field Action Reports or sent directly to export dealers.   The Inventory tab of the dealer reports will contain VINs that 
apply to this recall.   This information is intended to assist dealers with the  PROMPT COMPLETION  of these 
vehicles.   The Customer In -Service tab will contain customer names and addresses from Motor Vehicle Registration 
Records.   The use of such motor vehicle registration d ata for any purpose other than follow -up necessary to complete 
this recall may be a violation of law in several states.   
Courtesy Transportation  – For USA & Canada  
Courtesy transportation is available for  customers whose vehicles are involved in a product program and still within the 
warranty coverage period . See General Motors Service Policies and Procedures Manual for courtesy transportation 
program details.  
Customer Notification  
USA & Canada - General Motors will notify customers of this recall on their vehicle (see copy of sample customer letter 
included with this bulletin).   
 
In order to ensure full protection under the emission warranty, and the right to participate in future recalls, the customer 
notification letter recommends that customers have their vehicles serviced as soon as possible.  It also advises that failure  
to do  so could legally be determined to be lack of proper maintenance.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
GM bulletins are intended for use by professional technicians, NOT a " do-it-yourselfer ".  They are written to inform these technicians of 
conditions that may occur on some vehicles, or to provide information that could assist in the proper service of a vehicle.  Properly tr ained 
technicians have the tools, equipment, safety instructions, and know -how to do a job properly and safely.  If a condition is described, DO NOT  
assume that the bulletin applies to your vehicle, or that your vehicle will have that condi tion.  See your dealer for information on whether your 
vehicle may benefit from the information.    
 We Support 
Voluntary Technician 
Certification  
  

Emission  Recall  
N242489790 VECI Label Missing Required Information   
 
  Page 4 of 4 
  
         
This notice applies to your vehicle,  VIN: _____________________________________  
Dear General Motors Customer:  
This notice is sent to inform you that General Motors is conducting a voluntary emission recall that includes your 
vehicle.  
 
Reason For This Recall:  Your vehicle may have a Vehicle Emissions Control Information (VECI) label that may not 
include all required information . 
What Will Be Done:  Your GM dealer will install a new VECI label . This service will be performed for you at no charge .  
Eligibility for this service will not be denied solely due to your vehicle having non -GM parts or repairs performed by 
outlets other than a GM franchised dealer.  
How Long Will The Repair Take?  Because of service scheduling requirements, i t is likely that your dealer  will need 
your vehicle longer than the actual service correction time of approximately 30 minu tes. 
What You Should Do:  Please contact your GM dealer as soon as possible to arrange a service date.  Instructions for 
making this correction have been sent to your dealer.  Please ask your dealer if you wish to know how much time will be 
needed to schedule, process, and repair y our vehicle.  
If you have any questions or need any assistance, just contact your dealer  or the appropriate Customer Assistance 
Center.  
For the hearing or speech impaired, please contact our Customer Assistance Center using the Telecommunication 
Relay Service by dialing 711 then providing the appropriate Customer Assistance Center number for your vehicle.  
Emission Law Information:  In order to ensure your full protection under the emission warranty made applicable to 
your vehicle  by state and federal law, and your right to participate in future recalls, it is recommended that you have 
your vehicle  serviced as soon as possible.  Failure to do so could legally be determined to be lack of proper 
maintenance of your vehicle.  Also, your vehicle may fail a state or local emission inspection if this recall is not 
accomplished.  
 
 
IMPORTANT MESSAGE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS  
The California Air Resources Board (CARB) requires vehicle emission recalls be completed prior to California 
registration renewal.  Uncorrected emission recalls will result in the inability to renew your California vehicle registration.  
At the time of emission recall completion, your California dealer will issue a "Proof of Correction Certificate".  Keep this 
certificate and, if required, present it to the Department of Motor Vehicles when renewing your California registration as 
proof of  recall completion.  
We are sorry to cause you this inconvenience; however, we have taken this action in the interest of your continued 
satisfaction with our products.  
  
 Regina A. Carto   
 Vice President  
 Global Product Safety and Systems  
GM Recall: N2424 89790  
