  
VOLKSWAGEN DEALER COMMUNICATION  
Ensure all dealer personnel are aware of this notice so they are able to address customer questions. Contact Warranty if you require additional 
assistance. Direct press inquiries to Volkswagen Public Relations.  
Volkswagen Customer Protecti on
38G3 _DLR_LAUNCH 
Repair Available – Service Action 38G3 / Transmission Control Module (TCM) Software 
This notice is for:  
Date:  
About this Service 
Action : All Dealer Personnel 
February 20, 2025 
On certain vehicles built during a limited production period, oversensitive diagnostic 
software could cause the message, “Error: selector lever. You can drive on. Please visit 
workshop” to be displayed in error. To address this condition, Volkswagen is providing a 
software update for the gearbox control unit. This software will enhance the function of 
the mechanical “emergency park lock” system with an electric “emergency park lock” 
system so that unwarranted error messages do not occur.  
As a reminder, your vehicle owner’s manual contains important information regarding 
your vehicle’s warning lights and messages. We encourage you and anyone who drives 
your vehicle to review the owner’s manual to become familiar with the types of vehicle 
indicators, warnings and messaging you may see.  
Repair:  •REPAIR AVAILABLE – February 21, 2025
•See ELSA and Service References in Elsa2Go for complete repair &
claiming instructions
•Check both the daily Campaign Open Inventory report and OMD for affected
vehicles in inventory. Verify OPEN status in ELSA on the day of repair .
•Repair  every affected inventory vehicle before delivery to consumers .
Parts Department : No parts required; software update only 
Affected Vehicles: Country  Beginning 
Model Year  Ending 
Model Year  Vehicle  Vehicle Count  
USA 2022  2022  GOLF GTI  3,683  
USA 2022  2022  GOLF R  755 
CAN  2022  2022  GOLF GTI  1,229  
CAN  2022  2022  GOLF R  450 
*Counts reflect overall population ; some vehicles may have already been repaired . Check Campaigns/Actions 
screen in Elsa on the day of repair  to verify that a VIN qualifies for repair under this action.  Elsa is the only valid 
campaign inquiry & verification source.  
Notes:  •Schedule owner repairs immediately
•Owner mailing – March 2 025
•Loaner/rental coverage – see campaign circular
-END OF MESSAGE - 