Copyright 2025 General Motors. All Rights Reserved.Bulletin No.: 10-08-110-001L
Service BulletinDate: January, 2025
INFORMATION
Information on Proper Use of Floor Mats
2026 and Prior GM Passenger Cars and Trucks (including Medium Duty)
This bulletin also applies to any of the above models that may be Export
from North America vehicles.
This bulletin has been revised to add the 2026 Model Year. Please discard Corporate
Bulletin Number 10-08-110-001K.Subject:
Models:
Attention:
Important: Service agents must comply with all International, Federal, State, Provincial, and/or Local laws
applicable to the activities it performs under this bulletin, including but not limited to handling, deploying,
preparing, classifying, packaging, marking, labeling, and shipping dangerous goods. In the event of a
conflict between the procedures set forth in this bulletin and the laws that apply to your dealership, you
must follow those applicable laws.
4754978
GM’s carpeted floor mats, all-weather (rubber) floor mats, and molded floor liners as shown above, are specially
designed for use in specific GM vehicles. Using floor mats that were not designed for the specific vehicle or using
them incorrectly may cause interference with the accelerator or brake pedal. Please review the following safety
guidelines regarding proper driver's side floor mat usage with the customer.
Warning: If a floor mat is the wrong size or is not properly installed, it can interfere with the accelerator
pedal and/or brake pedal. Interference with the pedals can cause lack of power, failure to downshift, and
unusual transmission shifting caused by the mat between the pedal and the floor unintended acceleration
and/or increased stopping distance which can cause a crash and injury. Make sure the floor mat does not
interfere with the accelerator or brake pedal.
• Do not flip the driver’s floor mat over (in an effort to keep the floor mat clean).
• Do not place anything on top of the driver’s floor mat (e.g. carpet remnant, towel).
Page 2 January, 2025 Bulletin No.: 10-08-110-001L
• Do not place another mat on top of the driver's floor mat (e.g. do not place all-weather rubber mats over
carpeted floor mats).
• Only use floor mats that are designed specifically for your vehicle.
• When using replacement mats, make certain the mats do not interfere with the accelerator or brake pedal
before driving the vehicle.
• Only use the GM mat with the appropriate retainer style (button, hook or knob retainer) that matches the design
that came equipped on the vehicle.
• If a vehicle is designed with a floor mat retainer on the driver's side, it must be used.
• Do not use floor mats on rubber floored vehicles.
In addition to the safety concerns listed above the customer may experience engine and or trans-
mission shift performance concerns. Aftermarket or floor mats placed on top of existing floor mats may contribute to
the following conditions.
• Possible Crank No Start
• Engine will not obtain maximum RPM or Wide-Open Throttle (WOT)
• Engine lacks power, poor acceleration performance at Wide-Open Throttle (WOT)
• Engine lacks throttle response
• Transmission will not downshift under Wide-Open Throttle (WOT)
• Transmission will not upshift under Wide-Open Throttle (WOT)
2421102
Bulletin No.: 10-08-110-001L January, 2025 Page 3
2421101
4040692
If your vehicle is equipped with a floor mat retaining button(s), hook(s) or knob(s), make certain the mat is installed
correctly and according to the instructions.
Page 4 January, 2025 Bulletin No.: 10-08-110-001L
GM bulletins are intended for use by professional technicians, NOT a "do-it-yourselfer" . They are written to inform these
technicians of conditions that may occur on some vehicles, or to provide information that could assist in the proper
service of a vehicle. Properly trained technicians have the equipment, tools, safety instructions, and know-how to do a job
properly and safely. If a condition is described, DO NOT assume that the bulletin applies to your vehicle, or that your
vehicle will have that condition. See your GM dealer for information on whether your vehicle may beneﬁt from the
information.
WE SUPPORT VOLUNTARY
TECHNICIAN
CERTIFICATION
2421861
2421862
Note: The graphic above shows how the Possible Crank No Start Condition can be caused. If the accelerator pedal
is fully depressed and the ignition is switched to the start position, this initiates clear flood mode. The engine will
crank over but not start as fuel is cut in order to clear the cylinders. An improperly installed floor mat causing the
pedal to be depressed could initiate clear flood mode.
After installing floor mats, make certain they cannot move and do not interfere with the accelerator or brake pedals.
Additional SI Keywords:  Possible Crank No Start