AfterSalesJan 21, 2025
Page 1 of 29YA/9YB - ‘Tail Light Faulty’ Warning in the Instrument Cluster
Vehicles Affected
Models Model Year Model Type VIN Range Vehicle-Specific Equipment
Cayenne 2024 9YA, 9YB N /A N /A
Revision History
Revision Release Date Changes
0 January 21. 2025 Original document
Condition
 The customer receives a warning message in the instrument cluster 
 indicating that a tail light is not working. (See Figure 1.) 
 The workshop confirms the customer’s observation along with one or
 more of the following Rear BCM (BCM2) fault codes:
 • B16D6F2 - Outer right tail light – marker light defective
 • B16D4F2 - Outer left tail light – marker light defective
 • B16D7F1 - Center right tail light – LED module defective
 • B16D5F1 - Center left tail light – LED module defective
 Generally, however, the tail light does work as observed from outside 
 the vehicle. The warning and faults are a false alarm.
Technical Background
 Intermittently, in rare ‘corner cases,’ the tail lights’ internal communication can get stuck. This condition sends an 
 unwanted failure message to the BCM2. The BCM2 interprets this as a possible loss of tail light function, conse-
 quently records a fault, and sends a warning to the instrument cluster. If the tail lights are illuminated normally, this
 is a false alarm and the driver can reset the instrument cluster warning by cycling the ignition. Note the tail lights 
 will remain safely illuminated during the false alarm condition.
Advanced Technical Information 9Bulletin #: 2500
Part ID: 9431
Figure 1
AfterSalesJan 21, 2025
Page 2 of 2 This false alarm fault condition is not affected by any known environmental conditions or by driver behavior, so 
 nothing can be done to mitigate the fault circumstantially. The fault affects all currently available parts and all 
 variants of the tail lights, therefore part replacement does not effectively solve the false alarm. Do not exchange 
 parts unless you observe the lights do not illuminate!
 Porsche will provide new software for the false alarm condition later this year.
Service Information
 A) False warning . If the warning message is present and you observe that all the tail lights are illuminated, do   
  nothing at this time. Assure the customer that the lights are visible to others on the road.
 B) Actual tail light outage . If the warning is present and any of the tail lights are not illuminated, replace that   
  tail light as usual.
PCSS Coding
 As always, please document the repair completely in PCSS. For this repair, please code the “cause” as follows:
 
Location (FES5) 94310 Rear light
Damage type (SA4) 1611 No function 
Search Items 
 Taillamps, taillights, rear, back, lamp, false warning, E3-PA
Advanced Technical Information 9Bulletin #: 2500
Part ID: 9431
Important Notice : Technical Bulletins issued by Porsche Cars North America, Inc. are intended only for use by professional automotive technicians who have attended Porsche service training courses. They are 
written to inform those technicians of conditions that may occur on some Porsche vehicles, or to provide information that could assist in the proper servicing of a vehicle. Porsche special tools may be necessary in 
order to perform certain operations identified in these bulletins. Use of tools and procedures other than those Porsche recommends in these bulletins may be detrimental to the safe operation of your vehicle, and 
may endanger the people working on it. Properly trained Porsche technicians have the equipment, tools, safety instructions, and know-how to do the job properly and safely. Part numbers listed in these bulletins 
are for reference only. The work procedures updated electronically in the Porsche PIWIS diagnostic and testing device take precedence and, in the event of a discrepancy, the work procedures in the PIWIS Tester 
are the ones that must be followed.
6000018196
©2025 Porsche Cars North America, Inc.