Technical Service Bulletin (TSB)
Telematics Box Module (TBM) Firmware Over The
Air (FOTA) Software Updating from 4.37 to 4.38
REFERENCE: TSB:  08-039-25
GROUP:  08 - ElectricalDate: February 19, 2025 REVISION: —
VEHICLES
AFFECTED:2021 - 2024 (RU) Chrysler Pacifica
2021 - 2024 (WD) Dodge Durango
2021 - 2024 (MP) Jeep Compass
This bulletin applies to vehicles equipped with Global Telematics Box
Module (Sales Code RDG).MARKET APPLICABILITY:
NA
SA
EEMEA
IAP
CH
CUSTOMER
SYMPTOM:Customers may not experience the following:
●Update URL’s for ADA’s whitelist – to collect data from ADAS customer. No customer impact. No customer
symptoms.
Other Software Enhancements included:
●Improves vehicle data communication with server for App data management performance.
CAUSE: TBM Software
Fig. 1
Uconnect Box Error Message
Message display on the radio screen, “Uconnect Box requires service. Please visit an authorized dealer.” Fig.
1, with no active or stored Diagnostic Trouble Codes (DTCs) set by the TBM.
NOTE: “Uconnect Box requires service.” message can be triggered by different reasons. For an
issue on a new vehicle recently switched to customer mode, please follow the New Vehicle
Preparation procedure to resolve the issue. For the customer vehicle with intermittent
concerns, please check the TBM, antenna and instrument panel harness connections to fix
related DTC issues.
REPAIR SUMMARY:
This bulletin provides information regarding the latest Firmware Over The Air (FOTA) update and provides the
service technician an overview of the steps a customer will need to take to complete the update. The TBM
software will be updated from 4.37 to 4.38.
NOTE: The national launch for the FOTA is expected to begin February 22, 2025.
DISCUSSION:
Vehicles sold in the U.S. and Canada can now receive software updates “over-the-air”. Updates to software
will occur in a phased roll-out. The software is updated through a builtin cellular modem in the vehicle.
Customers will see a notification on their radio screen when new software is available for their TBM . The
owner will have the option to update the radio or schedule the update for later. There is not an option to
decline the update indefinitely, the update must be performed.
NOTE: This is an Information Only Technical Service Bulletin to inform the dealer how the FOTA
update is performed. This document does not contain a LOP for reimbursement.
Fig. 2
Software Acceptance Screen
1. The vehicle needs to be in ‘Park’. The ignition needs to be in the off position.
2. If the customer selects “Update Now” Fig. 2  they can shut off the vehicle and leave. The update will be
completed automatically.
NOTE: This step may take several minutes to complete.
3. Upon completion of update, the radio will display a confirmation message Fig. 3 .
Fig. 3
Software Update Confirmation ScreenB08 FSAR-TSB-4975 -2-
POLICY:
Information Only
This bulletin is supplied as technical information only and is not an authorization for repair. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or
transmitted, in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, or otherwise, without written permission of FCA US LLC.-3- B08 FSAR-TSB-4975