Copyright 2025 General Motors. All Rights Reserved.Bulletin No.: 24-NA-026
Service BulletinDate: February, 2025
TECHNICAL
Convertible Top Water Leak Around Side Glass in High Pressure Car Wash
Brand: Model: Model Year: Build Date Breakpoint: Engine: Transmission:
from to from to
Chevrolet Corvette 2020 2025 SOPMarch 10,
2025All All
Involved Region or Country North America, Europe, Middle East, Japan, Australia/New Zealand
Additional Options (RPOs) Convertible (RPO CM9)
Condition
6543378
Some customers may comment about a water leak from approximately the middle rear of
the side glass area during a touch-less or other high pressure car wash.
CauseThe cause of the condition may be due to slight variations in sealing between the roof
panel seals.
CorrectionFollow the Service Procedure outlined below to correct vehicles that may be experiencing
this condition.Subject:
Service Procedure
Important: Service agents must comply with all International, Federal, State, Provincial, and/or Local laws
applicable to the activities it performs under this bulletin, including but not limited to handling, deploying,
preparing, classifying, packaging, marking, labeling, and shipping dangerous goods. In the event of a
conflict between the procedures set forth in this bulletin and the laws that apply to your dealership, you
must follow those applicable laws.
1. Partially retract the top until access to both ends of the top panel are easily accessible.
Page 2 February, 2025 Bulletin No.: 24-NA-026
6535549
2. Pull on the front side window weatherstrip to remove it.
6535550
3. Remove the front side window weatherstrip retainer by removing these three bolts (size T-25).
4. Cut a 12 mm x 45 mm piece of semi-closed EPDM foam, ¼ inch thick. (See Parts Information)
Bulletin No.: 24-NA-026 February, 2025 Page 3
6535551
5. Install the foam as shown in the photo.
Place the long edge of the foam just inward of the rolled outboard edge of the top, but not on the edge itself so
that the foam is less visible when the top is closed. Place the foam’s narrow edge just forward of the trailing
edge of the top panel. Reposition the existing narrow foam strip slightly inboard to accommodate the size of the
added foam.
6. Reinstall the front side window weatherstrip retainer using the three T-25 bolts.
Note: The retainer should cover some of the added foam to help retain it in the event that the adhesive fails over
time.
7. Watch the video before re-installing the weatherstrip.
Important: Weatherstrip installation is sensitive to position, and the leak can be worse than before if the installation
is incorrect.
8. If the customer noted leaks on both sides, repeat this procedure for the remaining side. If not, it may not be
worth disturbing the existing weatherstrip performance.
9. Verify the leak is corrected before returning to customer. If the leak persists, try adjusting the weatherstrip
position again per the video.
Page 4 February, 2025 Bulletin No.: 24-NA-026
GM bulletins are intended for use by professional technicians, NOT a "do-it-yourselfer" . They are written to inform these
technicians of conditions that may occur on some vehicles, or to provide information that could assist in the proper
service of a vehicle. Properly trained technicians have the equipment, tools, safety instructions, and know-how to do a job
properly and safely. If a condition is described, DO NOT assume that the bulletin applies to your vehicle, or that your
vehicle will have that condition. See your GM dealer for information on whether your vehicle may beneﬁt from the
information.
WE SUPPORT VOLUNTARY
TECHNICIAN
CERTIFICATIONParts Information
A sheet of suitable EPDM semi-closed foam can be obtained through Grainger, item ID 60DA20.
6535552
Causal
PartDescription Part
Number / ID
NumberQty
N/A EPDM Semi-
Closed Foam*60DA20 1
* We believe this source and their products to be reliable.
There may be additional manufacturers of such products/
materials. General Motors does not endorse, indicate any
preference for, or assume any responsibility for the
products or material from this firm or for any such items
that may be available from other sources.
Warranty Information
For vehicles repaired under the Bumper-to-Bumper coverage (Canada Base Warranty coverage), use the following
labor operation. Reference the Applicable Warranties section of Investigate Vehicle History (IVH) for coverage infor-
mation.
Labor
OperationDescription Labor Time
6086068* Convertible Top Roof Panel
Leak Repair0.5 hr
Add Additional Side 0.2 hr
*This is a unique Labor Operation for bulletin use only.
Version 2
Modified Released February 01, 2024
Revised February 07, 2025 – Added the 2025 Model Year and Build Date Breakpoint.