Copyright 2025 General Motors. All Rights Reserved.Bulletin No.: 25-NA-027
Service BulletinDate: February, 2025
TECHNICAL
Windshield Wiper Arm Clearing and Interference Concerns
Brand: Model: Model Year: VIN: Engine: Transmission:
from to from to
Cadillac OPTIQ 2025 2025
— — All All
Chevrolet Equinox EV 2024 2025
Involved Region or CountryNorth America, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador, Uruguay, Middle East, Israel, Palestine,
Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador, Uruguay, Japan, Egypt
ConditionCustomers may notice that the driver and passenger wiper blades are contacting each
other and/or excessive un-wiped area near the A pillar on the windshield.
Cause The wiper arms may not be aligned correctly to the wiper motor pivot shaft.
CorrectionFollow Service Procedure tips below to properly align wiper arms to wiper motor pivot
shaft.
Dealers must check all areas first before releasing the vehicle to the customer.Subject:
Important: Service agents must comply with all International, Federal, State, Provincial, and/or Local laws
applicable to the activities it performs under this bulletin, including but not limited to handling, deploying,
preparing, classifying, packaging, marking, labeling, and shipping dangerous goods. In the event of a
conflict between the procedures set forth in this bulletin and the laws that apply to your dealership, you
must follow those applicable laws.
Important: This technical service bulletin (TSB) can only be completed by certified repair facilities who have met all
specific training, tool, and equipment requirements pertaining to the vehicle Brand and Model serviced. Repairs must
be performed by a technician who has successfully completed the required training.
Service Procedure
1. The wiper stalk switch should be in the off position and the wipers energized so the arms do not freely rotate.
2.  A quick visual assessment of alignment per this bulletin can be done using these reference images:
Page 2 February, 2025 Bulletin No.: 25-NA-027
6832673
• Reference image for wipers contact acting in park position.
6832674
• Correctly aligned wipers will have a gap between the blades in the park position as shown above.
3. If the wipers are contacting each other in park or any location during cycling, follow Windshield Wiper Arm
Adjustment  procedure in SI.
4. For issues where the wipers are not fully clearing the windshield: During cycling, the reversal point of the blade
is around 40-50 mm (1.6-2.0 in) to the edge of the blackout on the glass as shown below.
Bulletin No.: 25-NA-027 February, 2025 Page 3
GM bulletins are intended for use by professional technicians, NOT a "do-it-yourselfer" . They are written to inform these
technicians of conditions that may occur on some vehicles, or to provide information that could assist in the proper
service of a vehicle. Properly trained technicians have the equipment, tools, safety instructions, and know-how to do a job
properly and safely. If a condition is described, DO NOT assume that the bulletin applies to your vehicle, or that your
vehicle will have that condition. See your GM dealer for information on whether your vehicle may beneﬁt from the
information.
WE SUPPORT VOLUNTARY
TECHNICIAN
CERTIFICATION
6832676
Note: Consistency in measuring this gap can vary depending on where the measurement is taken, tackiness of the
glass, and cycle speed of the wipers. It is not recommended to use measurements at the pillar to accurately assess
alignment. If it is noted that the un-wiped area appears to be excessive, this measurement can be used as
reference. However, correct determination of the alignment should only be performed when the wipers are in the full
parked position following the adjustment procedure in the document noted above.
Parts Information
No parts are required for this repair.
Warranty Information
For vehicles repaired under warranty, use:
Labor
OperationDescription Labor Time
2070282 Windshield Wiper Arm
AdjustmentUse
Published
Labor
Operation
Time
Version 1
Modified Released February 06, 2025