Bulletin No.: PIP5358D
Published date: 02/19/2025
Preliminary Information
PIP5358D Vehicle Noise Diagnosis and TAC Requests For Assistance
With Noise Related Complaints
Models
Brand: Model: Model Y ears:VIN:Engine: Transmissions:from to
All All 2000 - 2025 All AllAll All
Supersession Statement
This PI was superseded to update model years and models. Please discar d PIP5358A
The following diagnosis might be helpful if the vehicle e xhibits the symptom(s) described
in this PI.
Condition / Concern
When working with a vehicle that has an unusual noise and  is diﬃcult to identify , isolate or
pinpoint,  we would request that prior to dis-assembly for this concern  you get a
sound/video ﬁle of the noise prior to calling T echnical Assistance.  
To accomplish this you can use a cell phone to record audio or video with sound to send to
TAC or the process below will show how to use the PICOSCOPE as a microphone and that
ﬁle can be sent in. This is a much higher quality recording.
If you need to download or update the PicoScope, follow the steps below:  
1) Log into GM GlobalConnect.  
2) Click on the "Departments" drop down menu and select "Service.”  
3) Under "Applications" on the service page, select "Special T ools and Software updates.”  
4) You will now be re-directed to www .gmtoolsandequipment.com (do not access this site
directly as it requires the use of GlobalConnect to allow downloads).  
5) Click the link under "Software Downloads" for the latest PicoScope software version and
a new page will open.  
6) Click the setup links and follow instructions to update the tool.
1) Place the PicoScope accelerometer sensor nearest to where the noise appears to be
coming from.  
    Moving the sensor and getting another recording ma y help to isolate the area better .
Note: Ensure to keep the cable routed awa y from the exhaust if working in the engine
compartment or moving parts if working under the vehicle.
2) Open the most current version of GM NVH.
3) After completing the wizard, go back into the setup tab under V ibration Signal and
select Single Channel.  
    Select T A148 Interface in the “Box” dropdown and T A144 Microphone for the “Sensor ”
Drop down. (Y ou will still use the accelerometer as your microphone)  
    Select the Location as current location being inspected.
 
Note: If using 3 axis, use center channel only and set up as single axis.
4) Operate the vehicle to verify condition and record a Pico data ﬁle of the concern.
NOTE: Review the ﬁle, it will pla y back an audio ﬁle that can be heard from the PC
speak ers. 
            PICO will pick up normal noises and mak e them clearly audible.  
            Mak e sure the noise that we are trying to diagnose is on the ﬁle.  
            If the noise is not there, move the sensor and record another ﬁle until you ﬁnd the
source area.
5) While the reviewed ﬁle is on the screen, click File Save. It should be formatted as
.pddata
6) The next box allows you to save the vehicle information as well as customer information
and notes in the Notes box. This could be sensor location, sensor direction and even road
surface name, etc. Click Ok when you are done adding information.   
7) Create an e-mail to T ACSNAPSHOT@gm.com in the U.S. and
TACSNAPSHOTCANADA@gm.com in Canada and in the subject line Put V ibration, your BAC,
and last 8 of the VIN.  
    Or using the latest version of PIP5632  in the U.S. you can put the recording directly into
the case.
Note: F or Middle East, Japan or other countries, contact your local T AC for submission
instructions.
 
Recommendations / Instructions
In an attempt to better assist dealers and get vehicles returned to customers repaired
right the ﬁrst time, GM T AC will request any calls regarding  assistance for unidentiﬁed or
non-isolated noise complaints to have a sound /video ﬁle ready to send in for assessment
by engineering.
At times TAC will request the aid of engineers to help locate or isolate a noise and it ma y
be something they have heard before. The sound ﬁle or video ma y assist with this if the
noise can be captured.
Please follow this diagnostic or r epair pr ocess thor oughly and complete each step. If the
condition e xhibited is r esolved without completing every step, the r emaining steps do not
need to be perfor med.
GM Global Brands
© 2025 General Motors. All Rights R eserved.