GENERAL MOTORS  
DCS 7152  
URGENT - DISTRIBUTE IMMEDIATELY  
 
Date:  February 24 , 2025 
  
Subject:  N232429740  - Emission Recall  
 Incorrect Odometer Mileage  
  
Models:  2019 -2023 Chevrolet Silverado M edium Duty 
   
  
General Motors is releasing  Emission Recall N232429740  today .    
What Should Dealers Do:  Dealers should review IVH or the Dealer Maxis reports 
for open VINs in their inventory.   Dealers can view the attached bulletin and it 
will also be displayed in Service Information tomorrow .   
The Stock VIN list of vehicles in dealer inventory is attached to this message. 
Note: this list is only accurate at the time of report creation and all VINs should 
be validated in IVH prior to repair.   
 
 
END OF MESSAGE  
Emission  Recall  
N232429740  Incorrect Odometer Mileage   
 
 Page 1 of 6 
 
Release Date:  February  2025 Revision:  00  
Attention:  ONLY Chevrolet Medium Duty dealers can complete this recall repair.  
 
Make  Model  Model Year  
From  To 
Chevrolet  Silverado Medium Duty  2019  2023  
Investigate Vehicle History (IVH) in the GM Global Warranty Management system should always be checked to confirm 
vehicle involvement prior to beginning any required inspections and/or repairs .   
Condition  On certain vehicles listed above, with specific Malfunction Indicator Light ( MIL) -on faults, the miles 
travelled calculation switches from the Transmission Output Speed Sensor (TOSS) to the Wheel Speed 
Sensor (WSS) and the mileage recorded by the On Board Diagnostic  (OBD) System is accumulated at 
one-fourth actual due to an incorrectly calibrated parameter used in the calculation.  
Correction  Dealers will reprogram the engine control module.  
Parts  
No parts are required for this repair.  
Warranty Information  
Labor 
Operation  Description  Labor 
Time  Trans. 
Type  Net 
Item 
9107541 * Verified Module Software or Calibration Level: Module Is 
Programmed with Same Level Software or Calibration  0.2 ZFAT  N/A 
9107542 * Engine Control Module Reprogramming with SPS  0.3 
Important : * To avoid warranty transaction rejections, carefully read and follow the instructions below:  
 6125814  
• The Warranty Claim Code from the programming event must be accurately entered in the “Warranty Claim Code” 
field of the transaction.  
• When more than one Warranty Claim Code is generated for a programming event, it is required to document all 
Warranty Claim Codes in the “Correction” field on the job card.   Dealers must also enter one of the codes in the 
“Warranty Claim Code ” field of the transaction, ot herwise the transaction will reject.   It is best practice to enter the 
FINAL code provided by SPS2.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Emission  Recall  
N232429740 Incorrect Odometer Mileage   
 
  Page 2 of 6 
  
Warranty Claim Code Information Retrieval  
6125774  
If the Warranty Claim Code was not recorded on the Job Card, the code can be retrieved in the SPS2 system as 
follows:  
1. Open TLC on the computer used to program the vehicle.  
2. Select and start SPS2.  
3. Select Settings  (1). 
4. Select the Warranty Claim Code tab  (2). 
The VIN, Warranty Claim Code and Date/Time will be listed on a roster of recent programming ev ents.   If the code is 
retrievable, dealers should resubmit the transaction making sure to include the code in the SPS Warranty Claim Code 
field.  
Service Procedure  
Note:  Carefully read and follow the instructions below.  
• Ensure the programming tool is equipped with the latest software and is securely connected to the data link 
connector. If there is an interruption during programming, programming failure or control module damage may 
occur.  
• Stable battery voltage is critic al during programming. Any fluctuation, spiking, over voltage or loss of voltage will 
interrupt programming. Install a GM Authorized Programming Support Tool to maintain system voltage.   Refer to 
www.gmdesolutions.com  for further information.    If not available, connect a fully charged 12 V jumper or booster 
pack disconnected from the AC voltage supply. DO NOT connect a battery charger.  
• Follow the on -screen prom pts regarding ignition power mode, but ensure that anything that drains excessive power 
(exterior lights, HVAC blower motor, etc) is off.  
• Clear DTCs after programming is complete. Clearing powertrain DTCs will set the Inspection/Maintenance (I/M) 
system st atus indicators to NO.  
Important:  The service technician always needs to verify that the VIN displayed in the TLC left side drop down menu 
and the top center window match the VIN plate of the vehicle to be programmed prior to using Service Programming 
System 2 (SPS2) for programming or reprogramming a module.  
• For the TLC application, service technicians need to always ensure that the power mode (ignition) is “ON” before 
reading the VIN from the vehicle’s VIN master module and that they do not select a VIN t hat is already in the TLC 
application memory from a previous vehicle.  
• If the VIN that shows up in the TLC top center window after correctly reading the VIN from the vehicle does not 
match the VIN plate of the vehicle, manually type in the VIN characters fr om the vehicle VIN plate into the TLC top 

Emission  Recall  
N232429740 Incorrect Odometer Mileage   
 
  Page 3 of 6 
  
center window and use these for programming or reprogramming the subject module with the correct vehicle VIN 
and software and/or calibrations.  
Caution:   Be sure the VIN selected in the drop down menu (1) is the sam e as the vehicle connected (2) before 
beginning programming.   
5743643  
Important:  If the vehicle VIN DOES NOT match, the message below will be shown.  
 5877000  
5644477  
Important: Techline Connect screens shown above.  
Important:  If the same calibration/software warning is noted on the TLC Summary screen, select OK and follow screen 
instructions. After a successful programming event, the WCC is located in the Service Programming System dialogue 
box of the SPS Summary screen. No fu rther action is required. Refer to the Warranty section of the bulletin.  
1. Reprogram the Engine  Control Module. Refer to Engine  Control Module: Programming and Setup in SI.  
 
 

Emission  Recall  
N232429740 Incorrect Odometer Mileage   
 
  Page 4 of 6 
  
5644478  
Note:  The screensho t above is an example of module programming and may not be indicative of the specific module 
that is being programmed. Module selection and VIN information have been blacked out.  
Important:  To avoid warranty transaction rejections, you MUST record the warranty claim code provided on the 
Warranty Claim Code (WCC) screen shown above on the job card. Refer to callout 1 above for the location of the WCC 
on the screen.  
2. Record SPS Warranty Claim C ode on job card for warranty transaction submission . 
3.   CALIFORNIA, COLORADO, CONNECTICUT, DELAWARE, MAINE, MARYLAND, MASSACHUSETTS, NEW 
JERSEY, NEW YORK, OREGON, RHODE ISLAND, VERMONT, WASHINGTON VEHICLES ONLY: Install a 
Recall Identification Label upon  recall completion.   See General Motors Service Policies and Procedures Manual, 
Recall Identification Label, for details.  
4.  CALIFORNIA VEHICLES ONLY: Complete a “Proof of Correction” certificate and provide to the vehicle owner upon 
recall completion.   For the recall number on the “Proof of Correction” certificate, enter only the six digits in characters 
4-9 of this recall bulletin number: 242974 . 
Dealer Responsibility   
All new, used, GM Certified Pre -Owned (CPO), courtesy transportation vehicles, dealer shuttle vehicles, CarBravo, etc. 
in dealers' possession and subject to this recall must be held and inspected/repaired per the service procedure of this 
bulletin before c ustomers take possession of these vehicles. Involved vehicles must be held and not delivered to 
customers, dealer -traded, released to auction, used for demonstration, or any other purpose.  
All GM Certified Pre -Owned (CPO) vehicles currently in the dealers ’ inventory within the SHIFT Digital system will be 
de-certified and must be held and remedied per the service procedure in this bulletin. Upon submitting an accepted/paid 
warranty transaction in the Global Warranty Management (GWM) system, the vehicle can  be re -certified for sale within 
the SHIFT Digital system, or once again be used in the Courtesy Transportation Program.  
Dealers are to service all vehicles subject to this recall at no charge to customers, regardless of mileage, age of vehicle, 
or ownersh ip, from this time forward.  
Customers who have recently purchased vehicles sold from your vehicle inventory, and for which there is no customer 
information indicated on the dealer listing, are to be contacted by the dealer.  Arrangements are to be made to make the 
required correction according to the instructions contained in this bulletin.  A copy of the customer letter is provided in t his 
bulletin for your use in contacting customers.  Recall follow -up cards should not be used for this purpose, since the 
customer may not as yet have received the notification letter.  
In summary, whenever a vehicle subject to this recall  enters your vehicle inventory you must take the steps necessary to 
ensure the program correction has been made before selling the vehicle.   In addition, for vehicles entering your facility for 
service, you are required to ensure the customer is aware of the open recall  and make every reasonable effort to 
implement the program correction as set forth in this bulletin prior to releasing the veh icle. 
***THE FOLLOWING 2 PARAGRAPHS ARE NOT FOR CANADA OR EXPORT***  
When a California emissions recall is completed by a GM dealer, the dealer must provide the vehicle owner a “Proof of 
Correction Certificate” which the owner may need to present to the California Department of Motor Vehicles (DMV) when 
renewing their vehic le registration.  Without this correction certificate, the owner may be unable to renew their vehicle 
registration.  

Emission  Recall  
N232429740 Incorrect Odometer Mileage   
 
  Page 5 of 6 
  
Additional Certificates can be obtained, at no charge, from the 1Store application in Global  Connect.  Request GM Item 
Number 1825 when orde ring. 
Dealer Reports  – For USA & Export  
For dealers with involved vehicles, a listing has been prepared and will be available through GM Global  Connect Maxis 
Field Action Reports or sent directly to export dealers.   The Inventory tab of the dealer reports will contain VINs that 
apply to this recall.   This information is intended to assist dealers with the  PROMPT COMPLETION  of these 
vehicles.   The Customer In -Service tab will contain customer names and addresses from Motor Vehicle Registration 
Records.   The use of such motor vehicle registration data for any purpose other than follow -up necessary to complete 
this recall may be a violation of law in several states.   
Customer Notification  
General Motors will notify customers of this recall on their vehicle (see copy of sample customer letter included with this 
bulletin).   
 
In order to ensure full protection under the emission warranty, and the right to participate in future recalls, the cu stomer 
notification letter recommends that customers have their vehicles serviced as soon as possible.  It also advises that failure  
to do so could legally be determined to be lack of proper maintenance. The vehicle may fail a state or local emission 
inspe ction test if the recall work is not completed.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
GM bulletins are intended for use by professional technicians, NOT a " do-it-yourselfer ".  They are written to inform these technicians of 
conditions that may occur on some vehicles, or to provide information that could assist in the proper service of a vehicle.  Properly tr ained 
technicians have the tools, equipment, safety instructions, an d know -how to do a job properly and safely.  If a condition is described, DO NOT  
assume that the bulletin applies to your vehicle, or that your vehicle will have that condition.  See your dealer for informa tion on whether your 
vehicle may benefit from the information.    
 We Support 
Voluntary Technician 
Certification  
  

Emission  Recall  
N232429740 Incorrect Odometer Mileage   
 
  Page 6 of 6 
  
         
This notice applies to your vehicle,  VIN: _____________________________________  
Dear General Motors Customer:  
This notice is sent to inform you that General Motors is conducting a voluntary emission recall that includes your 
vehicle.  
Reason For This Recall:  With specific M alfunction Indicator Light  (MIL) -on faults, the miles travelled calculation 
switches from the Transmission Output Speed Sensor (TOSS) to the Wheel Speed Sensor (WSS) and the mileage 
recorded by the On Board Diagnostic (OBD) System is accumulated at one -fourth actual due to an incorrectl y calibrated 
parameter used in the calculation.   
What Will Be Done:  Your GM dealer will reprogram the engine control module.  This service will be performed for you 
at no charge .  Eligibility for this service will not be denied solely due to your vehicle  having non -GM parts or repairs 
performed by outlets other than a GM franchised dealer . 
How Long Will The Repair Take?  Because of service scheduling requirements, i t is likely that your dealer  will need 
your vehicle longer than the actual service correction time of approximately 30 minutes.  
What You Should Do:  Please contact your GM dealer as soon as possible to arrange a service date .  Instructions for 
making this correction have been sent to your dealer.  Please ask your dealer if you wish to know how much time will be 
needed to schedule, process, and repair your vehicle.  
When scheduling your appointment, confirm with the dealer that they service Medium Duty T rucks.   
If you have any questions or need any assistance, just contact your dealer  or the appropriate Customer Assistance 
Center .  
For the hearing or speech impaired, please contact our Customer Assistance Center using the Telecommunication 
Relay Service by dialing 711 then providing the appropriate Customer Assistance Center number for your vehicle.  
Emission Law Information:  In order to ensure your full protection under the emission warranty made applicable to 
your vehicle  by state and federal law, and your right to participate in future recalls, it is recommended that you have 
your vehicle  serviced as soon as possible.  Failure to do so could legally be determined to be lack of proper 
maintenance of your vehicle.  Also, your vehicle may fail a state  or local emission inspection if this recall is not 
accomplished.  
 
 
IMPORTANT MESSAGE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS  
The California Air Resources Board (CARB) requires vehicle emission recalls be completed prior to California 
registration renewal.  Uncorrected e mission recalls will result in the inability to renew your California vehicle registration.  
At the time of emission recall completion, your California dealer will issue a "Proof of Correction Certificate".  Keep this 
certificate and, if required, present it to the Department of Motor Vehicles when renewing your California registration as 
proof of recall completion.  
We are sorry to cause you this inconvenience; however, we have taken this action in the interest of your continued 
satisfaction with ou r products.  
  
 Regina A. Carto   
 Vice President  
 Global Product Safety and Systems  
GM Recall: N232429740  
