Involved Region or
CountryNorth America 
ConditionCustomer ma y comment that the trunk will not open.
Technicians ma y ﬁnd that the trunk does not release when using
the release switches.
Cause Inoperative trunk latch. 
Bulletin No.: PIC6596
Published date: 02/24/2025
Preliminary Information
PIC6596 Diagnostic Tip: Accessing the Trunk When the Latch is
Inoperative
Models
Brand: Model: Model Y ears:VIN:Engine: Transmissions:from to
Buick Cascada 2016 - 2019 All AllAll All
 
 
 
 
 
Correction:
If you encounter a condition where the trunk does not unlatch when using the release
switch, there are 3 wa ys to enter the trunk based on the follow vehicle conditions:
Condition 1: convertible top is still operational. 2 Methods
Condition 2: convertible top is inoperative. 
 
Condition: 1 Method: 1
Step 1:
Use the folding top switch to open the top to the point where the 5th/tension bow is raised
and the stowage compartment lid is open, see image below .
Caution: The folding top hydraulic pressure for holding the tension bow up will time out
and lower after 5 minutes of idle time. Chimes will sound oﬀ when the timeout is reached.
If this happens, you will need an assistant to hold it in the upright position.
 
Step 2:
Next, insert your arm alongside of the luggage barrier , feeling for the rear seat
release switch located on the RH side closeout panel, see images below .
Repeat this procedure on the other side to release the LH rear seat.

Step 3:
Once you have both rear seats lowered, you can crawl thru the opening into the trunk
and pull the emergency trunk release handle, see images below .

Condition: 1 Method: 2
Step 1: Check folding top operation. If you see a message on the DIC that states "Clear T op
Storage Area", this means that the luggage barrier is not in position.
To ﬁnd out if the luggage barrier is in place, use the scan tool to view the status of
the luggage barrier sensors
B43L Folding Top Luggage Barrier Sensor - Left = active.
B43R Folding Top Luggage Barrier Sensor - Right = active.
Step 2:
If the sensors are reading inactive, you will need to look between the rear seat
backs and look for the for the presence of the pass thru partition, see image below .
If the partition is in place, proceed to step 3.
If the partition is not in place, you will need to use a suitable tool to reach between
the seat backs and pull the partition down, freeing it from the V elcro strip holding it
to the luggage barrier . See images below .
The image below shows the partition in the correct position.
Step 3
Remove the left rear seat headrest and open the rollover crash bar trim cover , see
image below .
Step 4
Reach your arm thru the opening, towards the center of the vehicle, and push the
luggage barrier downwards until you feel it pop into place.
The Image below shows the luggage barrier out of position.
The image below shows the luggage barrier in its proper position.
Step 5
Check scan tool data to conﬁrm that the luggage barrier sensors B43L & B43R both
read active.
Step 6
Use the folding top control switch to open the folding top to the position where the
5th/tension bow is raised and the stowage compartment lid is open, see image below . 
Next, insert your arm alongside of the luggage barrier , feeling for the rear seat
release switch located on the RH side closeout panel, see images below .
Repeat this procedure on the other side to release the LH rear seat.
Step 7
Once you have both rear seats lower , you can crawl thru the opening into the trunk
and pull the emergency trunk release handle, see images below .
Condition 2:
Step 1:
Reference SI Document ID: 4286303 F olding Top Manual Operation for top opening.
Push on the folding top hinge (1), towards the rear of the vehicle, using a suitable
tool to unlock the hinge, see images below .
 
Repeat this step for both sides.
Lift up on the 5th/tension bow and have an assistant hold it in an upright position.
Step 2:
Using the GDS scan tool, access the K23 F olding T op Control module > control
functions, command the stowage compartment lid latch release.
Step 3: 
Version 1
Modiﬁed 02/24/2025 - Created.Using a trim stick tool, placing it between the trunk lid and the rear edge of the
stowage compartment lid, prying the rear edge upwards. With the help of an
assistant, raise the lid to the full open position.
Step 4:
Next, insert your arm alongside of the luggage barrier , feeling for the rear seat
release switch located on the right-hand side closeout panel.
Repeat this procedure on the other side to release the left-hand rear seat.
Once you have both rear seats lower , you can now crawl thru the opening into the
trunk and pull the emergency trunk release handle.
For images see Condition 1, Method 1 steps 2 & 3 or Method 2 steps 6 & 7.
 
Version History
 
 
GM Global Brands
© 2025 General Motors. All Rights R eserved.