Copyright 2025 General Motors. All Rights Reserved.Bulletin No.: 25-NA-019
Service BulletinDate: January, 2025
TECHNICAL
ABS/TCS/Stability/Brake Warning Indicators Displayed on Drivers Information
Center (DIC) - DTC C0500 or C0501, C0506 or C0507, C050C or C050D, and/or
C0512 or C0513 Set
This bulletin replaces PIT5937A. Please discard PIT5937A.
Brand: Model: Model Year: Build Date: Engine: Transmission:
from to from to
ChevroletSilverado 4500HD/
5500HD/6500HD2019 2024     L5D  
 
Involved Region or Country North America
ConditionSome customers may comment on one or more of the following displayed on the DIC:
• ABS/TCS/Traction/Stability
• Brake warning indicators
Some technicians may comment on one or more of the following DTCs set in the ABS
module:
• C0500 or C0501: Left Front Wheel Speed Sensor (WSS)
• C0506 or C0507: Right Front Wheel Speed Sensor (WSS)
• C050C or C050D: Left Rear Wheel Speed Sensor (WSS)
• C0512 or C0513: Right Rear Wheel Speed Sensor (WSS)
CausePossible causes of one or more or the following concerns:
• WSS air gap out of adjustment
• Loose hub bearings
• Debris on WSS sensor
• Damaged reluctor ring
CorrectionBefore replacing the WSS, please perform the following inspections:
Note: For proper installation and air gap, ensure the WSS bottoms out on the reluctor
ring inside of the hub. The air gap will be established by the contact between the reluctor
ring and the WSS.
• Are all tires the same size and tread wear.
• Inspect harness to the WSS sensor for any signs of damage or loose terminal inter-
face.
• Inspect the WSS air gap and make sure it is adjusted per the WSS replacement docu-
ment (large gap may lead to erratic signal, no gap may present as noise).
− If it appears the WSS air gap is out of adjustment, then remove, clean, reinstall and
test, see note below.
• Visually inspect for a buildup of debris between the backing plate and the rotor (mud,
Ice, dirt, ECT.). Clean as needed.
• Inspect for a loose wheel bearing and check the torque as called out in SI.
• Use an oscilloscope and look at the WSS pattern.Subject:
Page 2 January, 2025 Bulletin No.: 25-NA-019
GM bulletins are intended for use by professional technicians, NOT a "do-it-yourselfer" . They are written to inform these
technicians of conditions that may occur on some vehicles, or to provide information that could assist in the proper
service of a vehicle. Properly trained technicians have the equipment, tools, safety instructions, and know-how to do a job
properly and safely. If a condition is described, DO NOT assume that the bulletin applies to your vehicle, or that your
vehicle will have that condition. See your GM dealer for information on whether your vehicle may beneﬁt from the
information.
WE SUPPORT VOLUNTARY
TECHNICIAN
CERTIFICATION− Look for any spikes that can be caused by a damaged reluctor, that will need to be
inspected.
If a determination is made that there are no issues with the tires, wiring, connections,
bearing, hub, reluctor ring, or WSS air gap then install a new WSS.
Be sure to drive the vehicle after any repairs to validate the vehicle is repaired.
 
Important: Service agents must comply with all International, Federal, State, Provincial, and/or Local laws
applicable to the activities it performs under this bulletin, including but not limited to handling, deploying,
preparing, classifying, packaging, marking, labeling, and shipping dangerous goods. In the event of a
conflict between the procedures set forth in this bulletin and the laws that apply to your dealership, you
must follow those applicable laws.
 
Warranty Information
For vehicles repaired under the Powertrain coverage, use the following labor operation. Reference the Applicable
Warranties section of Investigate Vehicle History (IVH) for coverage information.
Labor Operation Description Labor Time
2486298* Wheel Speed Sensor Inspection 0.5
*This is a unique Labor Operation for Bulletin use only.
 
Version 1
Modified Released January 31, 2025
 