 
  
This document is uncontrolled when printed. Before use, check the Knowledge Base within the McLaren 
Retailer Portal to verify that this is the current version.  
McLaren Artura Transmission Oil  Leak Diagnosis Guide  
Document Information  
Location:  Powertrain / Hybrid  
Topic: McLaren Artura Transmission Oil Leak Diagnosis Guide  
Condition:  N/A 
Diagnostic Trouble Codes:  N/A 
Measure  
This guide will help to correctly diagnose oil leaks identified on the transmission of the McLaren Artura.  
With the integration of the hybrid power unit (eMotor) in the transmission, there are different oils that need to 
be identified to identify where the leak may be coming from.  
If a McLaren Artura is found to have oil traces on the underside of the vehicle behind the transmission NVH 
cover, please follow the steps below to evaluate.  
1. Raise vehicle on ramp as per McLaren Service Portal (MSP) instructions  
2. Remove engine underfloor  
3. Capture images prior to any cleaning (before and after removing transmission NVH cover), clearly 
showingthe leaking area. Label images: “Pre -Cleaning”  
4. Take picture of transmission serial number and eMotor serial number (add images of serial numbers)  
5. Check dielectric oil and record level when vehicle cold, top up to maximum level according to service 
portalinstructions if necessary  
6. Remove air cooling duct (1), refer to McLaren Service Portal instructions REMOVE/INSTALL AIR 
COOLINGASSEMBLY - ROTOR  
 
  
 
7. Clean inside transmission casing through areas circled thoroughly using degreaser/solvent until clean, then  
dry gently with compressed air   
 

 
  
 
8. Clean transmission NVH cover with degreaser/solvent, make sure NVH foam is not damaged, replace foam if  
necessary  
9. Capture images of post clean  
10. Start engine and run at 3000 RPM, in Sport, until transmission oil temp reaches 80 degrees then run 
varied RPM's;  
1000 RPM - 30 secs  
2000 RPM - 30 secs  
4000 RPM - 30 secs  
1500 RPM - 15 secs  
4000 RPM - 15 secs  
1000RPM – 60 secs  
11. Turn off engine and allow vehicle to stand for 20 minutes on the ramp in preparation for inspection  
12. Inspect transmission. Capture images and label image folder "Cycle 1", apply UV light and capture images  
and label image folder “Cycle 1 UV”. Clean area again thoroughly, capture images and label image folder 
"Post  
Cycle 1 (after cleaning)"  
13. Complete warm up/cool down cycle and inspection a further 4 times capturing images. Name image 
folders respectively;  
“Cycle 2", “Cycle 2 UV” & "Post Cycle 2 (after cleaning)"  "Cycle 
3", “Cycle 3 UV” & "Post Cycle 3 (after cleaning)"   
"Cycle 4", “Cycle 4 UV” & "Post Cycle 4 (after cleaning)"   
"Cycle 5", “Cycle 5 UV” & "Post Cycle 5 (after cleaning)"  
Care Point: If no leak visible after cycle 5, please leave the vehicle overnight and recheck area for any 
signs of an oil leak.  

 
  
14. If leak continues post cycle 5 please fill in table  in accordance with the leak path map below. Check 
dielectric oil level when vehicle has cooled down and attach table, dielectric oil level and all images to a TR If 
no leak present after overnight dwell period, no further action required.  
 
Care Point: Only proceed with the next step if there is still a leak present after cycle 5 and you have had 
authorisation to continue by McLaren Technical Support through TR  
15. Remove the transmission and then the eMotor following the McLaren Service Portal instructions  
16. Capture images of the below components throughout the process of removing the eMotor:  

 
  
Dry bulkhead face eMotor 
- front and back  
Long eMotor bolts and thru holes eMotor 
rotor bolts and threaded holes  
Input shaft seal  
  Wet bulkhead face and outer joint to transmission  
Label all images accordingly and attach to the TR for review  
Parts Information  
N/A 
Attachments  
N/A 
This document is uncontrolled when printed. Before use, check the Knowledge Base within the McLaren 
Retailer Portal to verify that this is the current version.  