Copyright 2025 General Motors. All Rights Reserved.Bulletin No.: PIE0819
Service BulletinDate: February, 2025
ENGINEERING INFORMATION
Engineering Information - (EI Lite)-(Pictures ONLY) for Pre-Delivery Inspection
(PDI) and Customer Vehicle Issues Up to 500 Miles. Using the CSMT App do
Field Product Reporting (FPR), Please Submit a Report for the Following
Issues: Paint Issues or Damage (EXCEPT for Transportation), Moldings,
Appliques, Emblems Loose, Warped, Crooked or Missing / Weatherstrips
Misaligned, Mis-formed / Sheet Metal and/or Trim Panels Misaligned / Interior
Trim Loose, Crooked, Missing / Seats, Seat Trim
Proceed with this EI Lite ONLY to submit the description of the issue and
pictures/video using the CSMT Field Product Reporting (FPR) App
(reference bulletin 02-00-89-002). THIS IS NOT A RECALL.
Brand: Model: Model Year: Breakpoint: Engine: Transmission:
from to from to
Cadillac ESCALADE IQ 2025 2025 — — — —
 
Involved Region or Country U.S. Dealers ONLY
ConditionImportant: This (EI Lite) - (Pictures Only) ONLY  applies to vehicles during Pre-Deliv-
ery Inspection (PDI) and customer issues up to 500 miles
If one or more of the following conditions have been found
•Paint issues or damage EXCEPT for transportation
Please consider sending videos showing the different angles/light if visualization is
better than on pictures.
•Moldings, trim panels, appliques, decals, emblems, seats or seat trim being
loose, warped, crooked or missing (exterior and interior)
If the part is missing, show where it should be and possible witness marks from the
original installation, if present. If it is an adhesion issue, show if the issue is between
the sheet metal and the adhesive tape or between the tape and the molding/applique/
emblem. If broken/unseated clips, show the location and condition.
•Sheet metal or trim panels misaligned or with interference (also includes moving
parts as doors, hood, tailgate, end gate, decklid, sunroof
Use the appropriate picture angle to show alignment/gaps or flushness concerns. Vid-
eos are encouraged to illustrate interference between moving parts.
Note: Note: Instructions to load the FPR App to your phone and other detailed instruc-
tions can be found in the latest version of Bulletin 02-00-89-002 (U.S. Dealers).
CauseGM Engineering is attempting to determine the root cause of the above condition.
Engineering has a need to gather information on vehicles PRIOR to repair that may
exhibit this condition. As a result, this information will be used to "root cause" the
customer's concern and develop/validate a field fix.Subject:
Attention:
Correction
Important: Service agents must comply with all International, Federal, State, Provincial, and/or Local laws
applicable to the activities it performs under this bulletin, including but not limited to handling, deploying,
preparing, classifying, packaging, marking, labeling, and shipping dangerous goods. In the event of a
Page 2 February, 2025 Bulletin No.: PIE0819
conflict between the procedures set forth in this bulletin and the laws that apply to your dealership, you
must follow those applicable laws.
If one or more of the above issues is found in Vehicle Pre-Delivery Inspection (PDI) or customer issues up to
500 miles please use the CSMT Field Product Reporting (FPR) App, take pictures of the issue (per details below),
fill out required fields (include EI PIE0819  in the Condition Field) and submit.
Note: Note:  GM has updated the Field Product Reporting App, and it is now part of the “Certified Service
Mobile Toolbox” (CSMT) Instructions to load the App to your phone and other detailed instructions can be
found in the latest version of Bulletin 02-00-89-002 (U.S. Dealers).
 
1. Take a clear picture of the entire area of the vehicle showing the location of the issue/part on the vehicle.
2. Take a clear close-up picture of the issue on the part, (use applicable taper gauge to show gaps or alignment
issues).
3. Take a clear picture of any labeling/part numbers and/or a video when applicable.
Note: Use colored tape or any other type of stick-on marker to indicate the area of concern
6850471
1. Shown in the picture above are examples of the entire area of the vehicle showing the location of the issue/part
on the vehicle.
Bulletin No.: PIE0819 February, 2025 Page 3
6850473
6850475
2. Shown in the pictures above are examples of clear close-up pictures to better show the detail of the issue/part.
Page 4 February, 2025 Bulletin No.: PIE0819
6850534
6850535
3. Shown in the pictures above are examples of paint issue. When reporting paint concerns, please take wide shot
of the vehicle to help orientate the location and a close-up to identify the issue.
Warranty Information
If a Field Product Report is submitted, use: (EI LITE)
Labor Operation Description Labor Time
1486108*(EI Lite) - (Pictures Only) - Paint Issues or Damage EXCEPT
Transportation
0.3 Hrs.1087008*EI- Loose, Warped, Crooked or Missing Moldings,
Appliques, Decals and/or Emblems, Seats and Seat Trim
1486118*(EI Lite) - (Pictures Only) - Weatherstrips Being Misaligned
Causing Wind Noise or Water Leaks
1087018*(EI Lite) - (Pictures Only) - Sheet Metal and/or Trim Panels
Being Misaligned or with Interference
*This is a unique Labor Operation for bulletin use only.
Bulletin No.: PIE0819 February, 2025 Page 5
GM bulletins are intended for use by professional technicians, NOT a "do-it-yourselfer" . They are written to inform these
technicians of conditions that may occur on some vehicles, or to provide information that could assist in the proper
service of a vehicle. Properly trained technicians have the equipment, tools, safety instructions, and know-how to do a job
properly and safely. If a condition is described, DO NOT assume that the bulletin applies to your vehicle, or that your
vehicle will have that condition. See your GM dealer for information on whether your vehicle may beneﬁt from the
information.
WE SUPPORT VOLUNTARY
TECHNICIAN
CERTIFICATION 
Version 1
Modified Released February 21, 2025