Technical Service Bulletin
                Date:  February 3, 2025
Bulletin Name:  FDM-TSB-004
              Model:  Oshkosh S-Series 2.0
Units Affected:  SN 829379 - 8297662.0 Load-Span Tag Axle (LSTA)  
Piston Accumulator Pressure Check1
SAFETY  NOTICE
Use appropriate Personal Protective 
Equipment (PPE) as required by your 
company .
Purpose:
This bulletin provides information and instructions for visually inspecting the LSTA piston accumulators to make 
sure the correct pressure accumulators were installed on the vehicle. A group of incorrect pressure accumulators 
were sent by the supplier and may have been installed on vehicles built between 8/1/2024 to 10/2/2024. A visual 
inspection of the accumulator label will determine if the correct accumulators were installed.
Notice:
• This bulletin should be read and understood in its entirety before performing this procedure.
• All procedures outlined in the bulletin must be performed by skilled service personnel. Refer to the product 
service manual for descriptions of maintenance procedures.
Procedure:
Lockout/Tagout
1. Place unit on a flat surface, block truck tires, and perform your company’ s Lockout/Tagout procedure. If your 
company does not have a Lockout/Tagout procedure, follow OSHA 1910.147 and 1910.146 Confined Space as 
appropriate.
2. The vehicle’s BATTERY DISCONNECT switch is located on the left-hand side of the battery box. Use the 
battery disconnect switch when performing any maintenance so the vehicle cannot accidentally be started.
a. Turn the battery disconnect switch (Figure A, Item 1) counterclockwise so the hole on the switch aligns 
with the hole in the bracket (Figure A, Item 2).
b. Install the safety lockout device ring (Figure B, Item 1) through the holes on the battery disconnect switch 
and the bracket.
c. Install a padlock (Figure B, Item 2) onto the safety lockout device ring, lock it, and put the key in your 
pocket. If more than one person is working on the vehicle, each person must install his or her own padlock.
Figure A
DANGER
This energy source has
Unauthorized removal ofthis lock/tag may resultin immediate discharge.Remarks:been LOCKED OUT!
 Figure B1
21
2
SAFETY  NOTICE
Perform your company’ s Lockout/T agout 
procedure. If your company does not have a 
Lockout/T agout procedure, follow OSHA  
1910.147 and 1910.146 Confined Space as 
appropriate.
2Piston Accumulator Inspection
3. Locate the two piston accumulators mounted inside the left-hand frame rail at the rear of the vehicle. See 
Figure 1 .
Figure 1
Piston 
Accumulators
4. Inspect the piston accumulator labels and make sure one piston accumulator is pre-charged to 1200 PSI and 
the second is pre-charged to 300 PSI. See Figure 2 .
If the vehicle has an incorrect PSI piston accumulator installed contact Parker ’s mobile hydraulic account 
manager. Parker will set up an appointment to have a Parker technician come to your location and correct the 
piston accumulator pressure at no cost to you.
 Grant Noll – Mobile Hydraulic Account Manager
 (440) 226-2537
 grant.noll@parker.com
Figure 2
Correct 
1200 PSIIncorrect  
500 PSICorrect  
300 PSI
3
Continuous Improvement:
The change included in this document is part of the 
McNeilus Continuous Improvement Process.
McNeilus ’s quality policy is providing customer satisfaction 
through innovative products, dedicated service, and a 
constant focus on continuous improvement.(888) 686-7278
www.streetsmartparts.com
5. Remove lockout/tagout and wheel chocks.
Reimbursement of Costs
Affected units shall be inspected using the customer’s own qualified service technicians - at no cost to the owner. 
The inspection should take approximately 30 minutes to complete.
Labor Reimbursement
In order to receive inspection credit, claims are to be submitted through the normal warranty claim system. Claims 
must be received within 30 days of the repair. Claims must include the serial number of the truck, the customer 
asset number, and the number of this bulletin.
Parts Reimbursement
Parker will adjust the accumulator for no cost. Contact Parker’s mobile hydraulic account manager to set up an 
appointment for a Parker technician to come to your location and correct the piston accumulator pressure.
 Grant Noll – Mobile Hydraulic Account Manager
 (440) 226-2537
 grant.noll@parker.com
Deadline
If required, this service update should be performed at the earliest opportunity . For labor reimbursement, a 
warranty claim form with proof of pressure adjsutment from Parker must be submitted by August 3, 2025 .
Contacts
If you have questions or need further information, please contact a McNeilus National Service Representative at 
888-686-7278.