Original Publication Dat e: January  30, 2025 
© 20 24 Toyota Motor Sales, USA  
Certain 2023 – 2024 Corolla HV Models  
Certain 2023 Prius Models  
Certain 2023 -2024 Prius Prime Models  
Fuel Tank Filler Clamp and Vapor Leak Detection  
Model / Years  Production Period  Approximate Total Vehicles  
2023 – 2024 Corolla HV  Late May 2022 – Early September 
2024  43,900  
2023 Prius  Early October 2022 – Early 
September 2023  21,300  
2023- 2024 Prius Prime  Early October 2022 – Early 
October 2023  5,600  
Condition  
In the subject vehicles, the vapor leak detection monitor system may not detect  
a vapor leak from the fuel filler cap  and illuminate the malfunction indicator 
lamp (MIL).   If fuel vapor leaks from the filler cap, it is possible that there could 
be a fuel smell.   
Remedy   
For Prius and Corolla HV vehicles, Toyota dealers will install a Fuel Tank Clamp 
FREE OF CHARGE.  
For Prius Prime Vehicles, Toyota dealers will recalibrate the Engine Control 
computer  FREE OF CHARGE . SPECIAL SERV ICE CAMPAIGN 24TC08  (Remedy Notice)  
Tech Requirements  
TIC206A – Electrical Repair 1  
Inspection/ Repair Time  
Repair: 1.0 – 2.0 
Parts Control at Launch 
CPOR  
Parts Replacement Rate  
100%  
Owner Notiﬁcation Date  
February  2025 
Salvaged Title Eligible  
YES 
© 20 24 Toyota Motor Sales, USA  
Back to Contents  
 
 
Owner Notiﬁcation  
 
Mail  
Toyota will notify owners by February 2025 . A sample of the owner notiﬁcation letter has been included for 
your reference.  
 Head Unit Notiﬁcation   
Vehicle Head unit notiﬁcations will  begin in February 2025.    
 Toyota App  
Vehicles involved in this Special Service Campaign will be visible in the Toyota App at time of announcement.  
 
Media Contacts  
It is imperative that all media contacts (local and national) receive a consistent message. In this regard, all media contacts must be directed to the Toyota Newsroom https://pressroom.toyota.com/
   
 
 
  
 
 
  
Service Department  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ..... 3 
Parts Department  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ........  5 
Sales Department  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ........  6 
Frequently Asked Questions  ................................ ................................ ................................ ........................  6 
Policy and Procedures  
 
 
 
 
  Special Service Campaign  Contents  
© 20 24 Toyota Motor Sales, USA  
Back to Contents   
Warranty Reimbursement Procedure  
 
 
 
Op Code  Description  Flat Rate Hours  
24TC08R1  Install Fuel Tank Filler Clamp  1.7 
24TC08R2  Recalibrate the Engine Control 
Computer (Prius Prime Only)  0.7 
  
• The flat rate times include 0.1 hours for administrative cost per unit for the dealership.  
 
Salvage Title Vehicles  
 
Service Department  
 
© 20 24 Toyota Motor Sales, USA  
Back to Contents  Every attempt should be made to complete an open Special Service Campaign when circumstances permit, 
unless noted otherwise in the SSC dealer letter.  
For complete details on this policy, refer to Toyota Warranty Policy 4.17 , “What Is Not Covered by The Toyota 
New Vehicle Limited Warranty” .  
 
Remedy Procedures  
Refer to TIS for Technical Instructions on repair. Conduct all non- completed Safety Recalls and Service 
Campaigns on the vehicle during the time of appointment.  
Repair Quality Conﬁrmation  
The repair quality of covered vehicles is extremely important to Toyota. To help ensure that all vehicles have the repair performed correctly, please designate at least one associate (someone other than the individual who performed the repair) to verify th e repair quality of every vehicle prior to customer delivery.  
 
Emission s Repair Procedures for California Dealers   
As this Special Service Campaign  includes emission related parts, California dealers are requested to ﬁll out 
the Vehicle Emissions Recall –  Proof of Correction form and aﬃx an Authorized Modiﬁcation Label to the 
vehicle after repairs have been completed.  
 
The vehicle owner may require th e Proof of Correction  form for vehicle 
registration renewal. It is important to note that the forms are an 
oﬃcial state document and blank forms must be secured to prevent 
misuse.  
Please complete the form and provide it to the owner. The ﬁrst non -
completed VINs will be submitted to the California state DMV by  early  
July 2025. I f the vehicle owner’s warranty claim will not be processed and paid prior to this date, please be 
sure to complete a form and provide it to a California owner.  
 
 
Install the Authorized Modiﬁcations Label  after the repairs have 
been completed. Using a permanent marker,  ﬁll out the label 
and aﬃx it to the location under the hood as indicted.  
  Form b ooklets and Authorization Labels can be ordered from the 
MDC ( Booklet material number 00410- 92007 , Label material 
number 00451 -00001 -LBL ). 
Salvage Title Vehicles  

© 20 24 Toyota Motor Sales, USA  
Back to Contents  Every attempt should be made to complete an open Special Service Campaign when circumstances permit, 
unless noted otherwise in the SSC dealer letter.  
 
Technician Training Requirements  
The repair quality of covered vehicles is extremely important to Toyota. All dealership technicians performing 
this repair are required to successfully complete the most current version of the E- Learning course “Safety 
Recall and Service Campaign Essential s”. To ensure that all vehicles have the repair performed correctly; 
technicians performing this repair are required to have completed the following course s. 
 
• TIC206A -  Electrical Repair 1  
 
Customer Reimbursement  
Reimbursement consideration instructions will be included in the owner letter.  
 
 
 
Parts Information  
At the time of launch, p arts for this campaig n can be ordered in Campaign Part Order Request (CPOR) on 
Service Lane, or are on Manual Allocation Control (MAC) d ue to potential limited part availability. Please check 
the CPOR/MAC report on Dealer Daily for the most up -to-date parts ordering information  as part controls can 
be adjusted throughout the life of the campaign.  
 
Dealers can identify which parts ordering method to use by reviewing the parts information section of Dealer Daily and checking for a MAC code on the part numbers below.  For MAC code C, order through CPOR.  For 
MAC code D, refer to the MAC report for furt her instructions.   
 
Part Number  Description  Quantity  
04004 -33147  FUEL TANK CLAMP SET  1* 
*Prius Prime vehicles DO NOT  require parts.  Refer to the technical instructions for more details.  
 
   
Parts Department  
 
© 20 24 Toyota Motor Sales, USA  
Back to Contents   
 
 
• Dealers can identify if any of their new and used inventory has any open campaigns in the Vehicle Inventory 
Summary available in Dealer Daily ( Non SET  and GST dealers:  https://dealerdaily.toyota.com/ ). The 
Vehicle Inventory Summary may take up to 4 hours to populate information for newly launched campaigns.  
 
Policy for New Vehicles, TCUV, Pre -Owned Vehicles and Rent a Toyota    
 
 
Frequently Asked Questions  
 
Q1: What is the condition?  
A1: In the subject vehicles, the vapor leak detection monitor system may not detect a vapor leak from the 
fuel filler cap and illuminate the malfunction indicator lamp (MIL).  If fuel vapor leaks from the filler 
cap, it is possible that there could be a fuel s mell.   
 
Q1a:  Are there any symptoms of this condition?  
A1a:  If the condition exists, a fuel smell may be present from the rear of the vehicle.  
 
Q2: What is Toyota going to do?  
A2: Toyota will send an owner notification by first class mail startin g in mid -December 2024,  advising 
owners to make an appointment with their authorized Toyota dealer for a free repair. For Prius  Prime 
vehicles Toyota dealers will recalibrate the Engine Control computer FREE OF CHARGE . For Corolla HV 
and Prius vehicles Toyota dealers will install a fuel tank clamp FREE OF CHARGE . 
 
NOTE (Customers who live in the state of California)   
The state of California requires the completion of Safety Recalls / Service Campaigns on emission 
related parts prior to vehicle registration renewal. In addition, the State requires that every vehicle 
must pass an emission test (SMOG Check) every two year s and before it is sold. Without the completion 
of this FREE  Special Service Campaign, the California Air Resources Board (CARB) will not allow your 
vehicle to be registered. State of California Regulations require Toyota to provide the Department of Motor  Vehicles with a record of all vehicles that have not had the Special Service Campaign completed.  
 
Your Toyota dealer will provide you with a Vehicle Emissions Recall Proof of Correction Form after the 
campaign has been completed. Please ensure you retain this form, because the DMV may require that 
you supply proof that the campaign has been completed during your vehicle registration renewal 
process.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
Sales Department  
 
© 20 24 Toyota Motor Sales, USA  
Back to Contents  Q3: Which and how many vehicles are covered by this Special Service Campaign?  
A3: There are approximately 70,700 vehicles covered by this Special Service Campaign.  
 
Model Name  Model Year  Production Period  
Corolla HV  2023 – 2024  Late May 2022 – Early September 2024  
Prius  2023  Early October 2022 – Early September 2023  
Prius Prime  2023 -2024  Early October 2022 – Early October 2023  
 
Q4: How long will the repair take?  
A4: The repair takes approximate ly one and a half hours  for Corolla HV and Prius vehicles, and one hour 
for Prius Prime vehicles . How ever, depending upon the dealer’s work schedule, it may be necessary to 
make the vehicle available for a longer period of time.  
 
Q5: What if I previously paid for repairs related to this Special Service Campaign?  
A5: Reimbursement consideration instructions will be provided in the owner letter.  
 
Q6: How does Toyota obtain my mailing information?  
A6: Toyota uses an industry provider who works with each state’s Department of Motor Vehicles (DMV) to 
receive registration or title information, based upon the DMV records. Please make sure your 
registration or title information is correct.  
 
Q7: What if I have additional questions or concerns?  
A7: If you have additional questions or concerns, please contact the Toyota Brand Engagement Center (1 -
888-270-9371) - Monday through Friday, 8:00 am to 8:00 pm, Saturday 9:00 am to 7:00 pm Eastern 
Time.  
 
Policies And Procedures   
 
 
Used Vehicles in Dealership Inventory ( In-Stock Vehicles)  
To ensure customer satisfaction, Toyota requests that dealers complete this Emission Recall on any new or 
used vehicles currently in dealer inventory that are covered by this Emission Recall prior to customer delivery. 
However, if the campaign cannot be co mpleted (for example, due to remedy parts availability), delivery of a 
covered vehicle is acceptable if disclosed to the customer that the vehicle is involved in an Emission  Recall.  
 
Toyota expects dealers to visit https://toyota -recall -disclosure.imagespm.info/  and complete a  Customer 
Contact and Vehicle Disclosure Form. Dealers are expected to provide a copy of the completed form, along 
with the most current FAQ, to the vehicle buyer. Toyota and the dealer may use this information to contact the customer when the remedy becom es available. Keep the completed form on ﬁle at the dealership.  
 
NOTE:  Dealers can identify if any of their new and used inventory has any open campaigns in the Vehicle 
Inventory Summary available in Dealer Daily ( Non SET and GST dealers:  https://dealerdaily.toyota.com/ ). The 
Vehicle Inventory Summary may take up to 4 hours to populate information for newly launched campaigns.  
 
 
Toyota Certified Used Vehicle (TCUV)  
The TCUV policy prohibits the certification of any vehicle with an outstanding Safety Recall, Special Service 
© 20 24 Toyota Motor Sales, USA  
Back to Contents  Campaign, or Limited Service Campaign.  Thus, no affected units are to be designated, sold, or delivered as 
a TCUV until all applicable Safety Recalls, Special Service Campaigns, and Limited Service Campaigns have 
been completed on that vehicle.  
 
Claim Filing Accuracy and Correction Requests  
It is the dealer’s responsibility to ﬁle claims correctly for this Special Service Campaign. This claim ﬁling 
information is used by Toyota for various government reporting activities; therefore, claim ﬁling accuracy is crucial. If it has been identiﬁe d that a claim has been ﬁled using an incorrect Op Code or a claim has been 
ﬁled for an incorrect VIN, refer to Warranty Procedure Bulletin PRO17 -03 to correct the claim.  
Parts Recovery  Procedures  
All parts replaced as part of this Safety Recall must be turned over to the parts department until appropriate disposition is determined. The parts department must retain these parts until notiﬁcation via the Parts 
Recovery System (PRS) is received indica ting whether to ship or scrap the parts. These parts are utilized by 
various departments for defect analysis, quality control analysis, product evaluation, as well as other 
purposes.  
 
To help minimize dealer storage challenges, Toyota recommends that dealers:  
• File the campaign claim accurately and promptly. The time a dealer is required to hold parts is based on 
when the campaign claim is paid by Toyota.  
• Monitor the Warranty Parts Recovery Notifications and Part Scrap Report regularly.  
 
Refer to Warranty Policies 9.3 and 9.6  for additional details.  
 
Customer Reimbursement  
Reimbursement consideration instructions will be included in the owner letter.  
 
TOYOTA  
  
Certain 2023 -2024 Corolla HV Models  
Certain 2023 Prius Models  
Fuel Tank Filler Clamp and Vapor Leak Detection  
Special Service Campa ign (Remedy No tice)  
 
[VIN]  
 
Dear Toyota  Customer:  
 At Toyota, we are dedicated to providing vehicles of outstanding quality and value. As part of our continuing efforts to provide superior customer satisfaction, Toyota is announc ing a Special Service Campaign , whic h 
includes your vehicle.  
 You received this notice because our records, which are based primarily on state registration and title data, indicate that you are the current owner.  
 
What is the condition?  
In the subject vehicles, the vapor leak detection monitor system may not detect a vapor leak from the fuel filler cap and illuminate the malfunction indicator lamp (MIL).  If fuel vapor leaks from the filler cap, it is possible that there could be a fuel s mell.  
 
What will Toyota do?  
Toyota dealers will install a Fuel Tank Clamp FREE OF CHARGE.   
 
What should you do?  
 Before you are inconvenienced by this condition, any authorized Toyota dealer wil l install a Fuel Tank 
Clamp FREE OF CHARGE  to you.  
 
The remedy will require parts replacement. Please contact your dealer to schedule an appointment in 
advance to confirm parts availability and minimize your inconvenience. If possible, please bring your 
vehicle to the dealership with ¼ tank of fuel or less .  
 
 
The remedy will take approximately 2 hour s. However, depending on the dealer’s work schedule, it may 
be necessary to make your vehicle available for a longer period of time.  
 
 
What if you live in California and don’t have this Special Service Campaign performed?   
The state of California requires the completion of Safety Recalls / Service Campaigns on emission related parts prior to vehicle registration renewal. In addition, the State requires that every vehicle must pass an emission test (SMOG Check) every two year s and before it is sold. Without the completion of this 
NO CHARGE  Special 
Service Campaign the California Air Resources Board (CARB) will not allow your vehicle to be registered. State of California Regulations require Toyota to provide the Department of Motor Vehicles with a record of all vehicles that have not had the  Special Service Campaign completed.  
 
SAMPLE
Your Toyota dealer will provide you with a Vehicle Emissions Recall Proof of Correction Form after the 
campaign has been completed. Please ensure you retain this form, because the DMV may require that you 
supply proof that the campaign has been completed d uring your vehicle registration renewal process. 
 
What if you have previously paid for repairs to your vehicle for this specific condition?  
If you have previously paid for repair(s) to your vehicle for this specific condition prior to receiving this letter, you may be eligible for reimbursement. For reimbursement consideration, please submit a copy of your repair  
details (for example: a repair order),  proof- of-payment, and ownership information to Toyota’s online, self -
service portal. Log- in to your Toyota Owners account at https:/www.toyota.com/owners/
, click on the 
“Resources” tab, select “Safety Recalls and Service Campaigns”, and click on “Submit Reimbursement 
Request”.  
 
Alternatively, if you prefer to mail or fax this information for reimbursement consideration, please use the address or fax number shown below:  
 
Toyota Customer Experience Center - TSR  
Toyota Motor Sales, USA, Inc.  
c/o Toyota Motor North America, Inc.  
P O Box 259001 – SSC/CSP Reimbursements  
Plano, Texas 75025- 9001  
 
FAX:  310-381-7756  
Please refer to the attached Reimbursement Checklist for required documentation details.  
 
What if you have other questions?  
 
• Your local  Toyota dealer  will be more than happy to answer any of your questions.  
• For more information on this and other campaigns, please visit www.toyota/recall .   
 If you require further assistance, you may contact the Toyota Brand Engagement Center (1 -888- 270-
9371) – Monday  through Friday, 8:00am to 8:00pm, Saturday 9:00 am to 7:00pm Eastern Time.  
 If you would like to update your vehicle ownership or contact information, please visit  
https://www.toyota.com/recall/update -info-toyota
. You will need your full 17 -digit Vehicle Identification 
Number (VIN) to input the new information.  
 
If you are a vehicle lessor, please assist us by forwar ding this notice to the lessee.  
 
We have sent this notice in the interest of your continued satisfaction with our products, and we sincerely regret any inconvenience this condition may have caused you.  
 Thank you for driving a Toyota . 
 Sincerely,  
 
TOYOTA MOTOR SALES, U.S.A., INC.  
SAMPLE
TOYOTA  
  
Certain 2023 -2024 Prius Prime Models  
Fuel Tank Filler Clamp and Vapor Leak Detection  
Special Service Campaign (Remedy Notice)  
 
[VIN]  
 
Dear Toyota  Customer:  
 
At Toyota, we are dedicated to providing vehicles of outstanding quality and value. As part of our continuing efforts to provide superior customer satisfaction, Toyota is announcing a Special Service Campaign, which 
includes your vehicle.  
 
You received this notice because our records, which are based primarily on state registration and title data, indicate that you are the current owner.  
 
What is the condition?  
In the subject vehicles, the vapor leak detection monitor system may not detect a vapor leak from the fuel filler cap and illuminate the malfunction indicator lamp (MIL).  If fuel vapor leaks from the filler cap, it is possible 
that there could be a fuel smell.  
 
What will Toyota do?  
 Toyota dealers will recalibrate the Engine Control computer FREE OF CHARGE .  
 
 
What should you do?  
 Before you are inconvenienced by this condition, any authorized Toyota dealer will perform the software 
update FREE OF CHARGE  to you.  
  
Please contact your authorized Toyota dealer to make an appointment to have the Engine Control 
Computer recalibrated. The remedy will take approximately 1 hour.  However, depending on the dealer’s 
work schedule, it may be necessary to make your vehicle available for a longer period of time.  
 
 
What if you live in California and don’t have this Special Service Campaign performed?   
The state of California requires the completion of Safety Recalls / Service Campaigns on emission related parts prior to vehicle registration renewal. In addition, the State requires that every vehicle must pass an emission 
test (SMOG Check) every two year s and before it is sold. Without the completion of this 
NO CHARGE  Special 
Service Campaign the California Air Resources Board (CARB) will not allow your vehicle to be registered. State 
of California Regulations require Toyota to provide the Department of M otor Vehicles with a record of all 
vehicles that have not had the Special Service Campaign completed.  
 
Your Toyota dealer will provide you with a Vehicle Emissions Recall Proof of Correction Form after the 
campaign has been completed. Please ensure you retain this form, because the DMV may require that you supply proof that the campaign has been completed d uring your vehicle registration renewal process. 
SAMPLE
 
What if you have previously paid for repairs to your vehicle for this specific condition?  
If you have previously paid for repair(s) to your vehicle for this specific condition prior to receiving this letter, 
you may be eligible for reimbursement. For reimbursement consideration, please submit a copy of your repair  
details (for example: a repair order),  proof- of-payment, and ownership information to Toyota’s online, self -
service portal. Log- in to your Toyota Owners account at https:/www.toyota.com/owners/ , click on the 
“Resources” tab, select “Safety Recalls and Service Campaigns”, and click on “Submit Reimbursement 
Request”.  
 Alternatively, if you prefer to mail or fax this information for reimbursement consideration, please use the address or fax number shown below:  
 Toyota Customer Experience Center - TSR  
Toyota Motor Sales, USA, Inc.  
c/o Toyota Motor North America, Inc.  
P O Box 259001 – SSC/CSP Reimbursements  
Plano, Texas 75025- 9001  
 
FAX:  310-381-7756  
 Please refer to the attached Reimbursement Checklist for required documentation details.  
 
What if you have other questions?  
 
• Your local  Toyota dealer  will be more than happy to answer any of your questions.  
• For more information on this and other campaigns, please visit www.toyota/recall .   
 If you require further assistance, you may contact the Toyota Brand Engagement Center (1 -888- 270-
9371) – Monday  through Friday, 8:00am to 8:00pm, Saturday 9:00 am to 7:00pm Eastern Time.  
 If you would like to update your vehicle ownership or contact information, please visit  
https://www.toyota.com/recall/update -info-toyota
. You will need your full 17 -digit Vehicle Identification 
Number (VIN) to input the new information.  
 
If you are a vehicle lessor, please assist us by forwarding this notice to the lessee.  
 We have sent this notice in the interest of your continued satisfaction with our products, and we sincerely regret any inconvenience this condition may have caused you.  
 Thank you for driving a Toyota . 
 Sincerely,  
 TOYOTA MOTOR SALES, U.S.A., INC.  
 
SAMPLE