Copyright 2025 General Motors. All Rights Reserved.Bulletin No.: 24-NA-113
Service BulletinDate: February, 2025
INFORMATION
Vehicle Wide Programming Instructions
Brand: Model: Model Year: VIN: Engine: Transmission:
from to from to
CadillacEscalade IQ 2025 2025
— — — —Escalade 2025 2025
LYRIQ 2023 2025
OPTIQ 2025 2025
VISTIQ 2026 2026
XT4 2024 2024
ChevroletBlazer EV 2024 2025
Colorado 2023 2023
Equinox EV 2024 2025
Silverado EV 2024 2025
Suburban 2025 2025
Tahoe 2025 2025
GMCCanyon 2023 2023
Hummer EV SUV
2022 2025
Hummer EV Pickup
Sierra EV 2024 2025
Yukon 2025 2025
Yukon XL 2025 2025
Involved Region or CountryNorth America, Argentina, Brazil, Bolivia, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador, Paraguay, Peru,
Uruguay, Venezuela, Europe, Russia, Middle East, Iraq, Israel, Palestine, Japan, Cadillac
Korea (South Korea), GM Korea Company, China, Taiwan, Thailand, Singapore,
Philippines, Australia/New Zealand, Egypt, Other Africa, South Africa
ConditionSome customers may receive a field action indicating the use of programming.
GM’s latest electrical architecture design contains a significant number of Electronic
Modules that may require software updates.
These software updates are important to not only fix issues, but also enhance the vehicle
functions. 
As opposed to programming modules individually, Vehicle Wide Programming (VWP)
allows technicians to select a single button to program all modules to their latest
version in parallel reducing overall programming time.
Cause The cause of the condition may be software anomalies or to update out of date software.
Correction Technicians are to utilize SPS2/SPS3 (VWP) on Techline Connect to check for updates.Subject:
Service Procedure
Note: The use of Vehicle Wide Programming (VWP) should only be attempted at the direction of Field Action, or to
correct software anomalies, unless the vehicle is specifically covered by the latest version of Bulletin 24-NA-143
(Software Update on Ultium Vehicles).
Page 2 February, 2025 Bulletin No.: 24-NA-113
Important: If ANY module is replaced, program and setup the single module first in SPS2 prior to Vehicle Wide
Programming.
Important: Service agents must comply with all International, Federal, State, Provincial, and/or Local laws
applicable to the activities it performs under this bulletin, including but not limited to handling, deploying,
preparing, classifying, packaging, marking, labeling, and shipping dangerous goods. In the event of a
conflict between the procedures set forth in this bulletin and the laws that apply to your dealership, you
must follow those applicable laws.
Important: This technical service bulletin (TSB) can only be completed by certified repair facilities who have met all
specific training, tool and equipment requirements pertaining to the vehicle Brand and Model serviced. Repairs must
be performed by a technician who has successfully completed the required training.
Caution: Before downloading the update files, be sure the computer is connected to the internet through a network
cable (hardwired). DO NOT DOWNLOAD or install the files wirelessly. If there is an interruption during programming,
programming failure or control module damage may occur.
Description:
Vehicle Wide Programming (VWP) is a new process to update software on GM Vehicles. It provides the ability via a
single selection within Techline Connect to first identify which modules need updating and then proceed to updating
affected modules (with some exceptions). The updating of modules is completed in parallel instead of forcing the
technician to update one module at a time. This allows a more streamlined approach reducing technician time and
number of required steps.
• Ensure the programming tool is equipped with the latest software and is securely connected to the data link
connector. If there is an interruption during programming, programming failure or control module damage
may occur .
Note: Vehicle Wide Programming will only work with a wired MDI2 connection. It is also necessary to remove any
wireless dongles from the computer being used as these will not allow the Vehicle Wide Programming to be
selectable. If the Vehicle Wide Programming is not selectable with a wired MDI2, confirm it shows disconnected in
SPS2 and then (if needed) exit out of SPS2 and log-in again.
• Stable battery voltage is critical during programming. Any fluctuation, spiking, over voltage or loss of voltage will
interrupt programming. Install a GM Authorized Programming Support Tool to maintain system voltage. Refer to
www.gmdesolutions.com for further information.  If not available, connect a fully charged 12V jumper or booster
pack disconnected from the AC voltage supply. DO NOT connect a battery charger.
• Follow the on-screen prompts regarding ignition power mode, but ensure that anything that drains excessive
power (exterior lights, HVAC blower motor, etc) is off.
• Clear DTCs after programming is complete. Clearing powertrain DTCs will set the Inspection/Maintenance (I/M)
system status indicators to NO.
• If the VIN that shows up in the TLC top center window after correctly reading the VIN from the vehicle does not
match the VIN plate of the vehicle, manually type in the VIN characters from the vehicle VIN plate into the TLC
top center window and use these for programming or reprogramming the subject module with the correct vehicle
VIN and software and/or calibrations.
Important: The service technician always needs to verify that the VIN displayed in the TLC left side drop down
menu and the top center window match the VIN plate of the vehicle to be programmed prior to using Service
Programming System 2 (SPS2) for programming or reprogramming a module.
Bulletin No.: 24-NA-113 February, 2025 Page 3
6851759
1. Prior to starting any programming, all aftermarket devices should be removed from the DLC and USB devices
disconnected from the USB ports. Open SPS2 and enter job card number, then click next.
2. To complete a VWP event, click on the blue button on the right side. If unable to select, verify wired MDI2
connection and that there are no wireless dongles in the computer as stated above.
6851760
Page 4 February, 2025 Bulletin No.: 24-NA-113
6851761
3. A SPS3 page will open and VWP will begin.
Below is a description of each Techline Connect bar.
•Retrieving Data from Vehicle:  During this step, Techline Connect is retrieving current software information
from the vehicle.
•Retrieving Data from Sever:  Utilizing the VIN information, Techline Connect is retrieving the latest software
information from General Motors.
Bulletin No.: 24-NA-113 February, 2025 Page 5
6851762
4. Once complete, a software status summary screen will appear. This will list all modules that are up to date or
may require to be updated still. It will also advise of any modules that are not supported in VWP or modules that
failed to communicate. While it is saved automatically, it is recommended for the tech to print/capture the
summary. To complete a VWP event, click on the blue button on the right side.
Page 6 February, 2025 Bulletin No.: 24-NA-113
6851763
Bulletin No.: 24-NA-113 February, 2025 Page 7
6851766
5. A VWP progress page will open and a VWP event will begin. Below is a description of each Techline Connect
bar.
•Downloading:  Downloads required files for installation
•Programming: Installing updated software into the modules.
•Verifying Update: Performs final part comparison to verify programming completion.
Page 8 February, 2025 Bulletin No.: 24-NA-113
6851768
Bulletin No.: 24-NA-113 February, 2025 Page 9
6851770
6. Once complete, a Vehicle-Wide Programming Summary screen will appear, and a warranty claim code will
populate. This will list all modules that are up to date or may require to be updated still. Any failures will be
shown at the top highlighted in red. The summary screen will also advise of any failures. While it is saved
automatically, it is recommended for the tech to print/capture anything noted as failed or out of date before
exiting the screen.
VWP Original
Calibration StatusNew VWP2 Calibration Status
Success/Blocked Up to Date
Partial Not Fully Up to Date
Failed Failed
Important: If a failed programming event happens, VWP should be repeated one time prior to utilizing SPS 2 to
program the affected Module(s). A separate warranty code will be displayed.
• For all Modules that are not supported by VWP (see step #4), complete their programming utilizing SPS2 appli-
cation.
7. Use GDS2 to clear any DTCs after successfully programming.
Note: The screenshots above are an example of module programming and may not be indicative of the specific
module that is being programmed. Module selection and VIN information have been blacked out.
Important: To avoid warranty transaction rejections, you MUST record the warranty claim code provided on the
Warranty Claim Code (WCC) screen shown above on the job card.
Note: If either of the following errors are received, this indicates a Techline connection concern. The recommended
course of action is to exit from TLC completely and try again. If either failure persists, reboot the machine.
Page 10 February, 2025 Bulletin No.: 24-NA-113
Performing a Field Action
Important: A "Status Up to Date" message must be displayed in order to close out the Field Action. Any other status
will NOT  satisfy the Field Action and the Field Action will NOT  close out.
1. It may be required to update a module through standalone programing “SPS2” in this case the technician must
come back to the vehicle software status screen to receive an up-to-date warranty claim code.
2. Perform Vehicle-Wide Programming (VWP) process as outlined.
• If all modules are up to date, please follow the warranty claim code retrieval process as outlined in the
Warranty Information section.
• If any module did not program or is not up to date, and is supported in VWP, attempt Vehicle-Wide
Programming a second time.
− If all modules are up to date, please follow the warranty claim code retrieval process as outlined in the
Warranty Information section.
− If a module still has a failure or is not up to date after this second try, use SPS2 to attempt to program and
diagnose as needed. In this case the technician must come back to the vehicle software status screen to
receive a up-to-date warranty claim code. Once completed, please follow the warranty claim code retrieval
process as outlined in the Warranty Information section.
Important: A field action will only close if all modules are shown as up to date through a programming attempt.
Warranty Information
Labor Operation
For information on submitting Vehicle Wide Programming field action claims, please refer to Warranty Administration Bulletin
(24-NA-132 ).
Warranty Claim Code Information Retrieval
6693763
If the Warranty Claim Code was not recorded on the Job Card, the code can be retrieved in the SPS2 system as
follows:
1. Open TLC on the computer used to program the vehicle.
2. Select and start SPS2.
3. Select Settings (1).
4. Select the Warranty Claim Code tab (2).
Bulletin No.: 24-NA-113 February, 2025 Page 11
GM bulletins are intended for use by professional technicians, NOT a "do-it-yourselfer" . They are written to inform these
technicians of conditions that may occur on some vehicles, or to provide information that could assist in the proper
service of a vehicle. Properly trained technicians have the equipment, tools, safety instructions, and know-how to do a job
properly and safely. If a condition is described, DO NOT assume that the bulletin applies to your vehicle, or that your
vehicle will have that condition. See your GM dealer for information on whether your vehicle may beneﬁt from the
information.
WE SUPPORT VOLUNTARY
TECHNICIAN
CERTIFICATIONThe VIN, Warranty Claim Code and Date/Time will be listed on a roster of recent programming events. If the code is
retrievable, dealers should resubmit the transaction making sure to include the code in the SPS Warranty Claim
Code field.
Version 9
Modified Released July 12, 2024
Revised July 19, 2024 – Updated Warranty Information.
Revised July 29, 2024 - Revised to add the Cadillac XT4 and GMC Sierra EV, the first
note under Service Procedure, and revised the Warranty Information Section.
Revised October 18, 2024 – Added 2025 Model Year and Models.
Revised November 15, 2024 – Under Performing a Field Action Step 1 and adjusted
Models and Involved Regions.
Revised December 06, 2024 – Added 2025 Chevrolet Blazer EV and Cadillac OPTIQ.
Revised January 02, 2025 – Updated information under Service Procedure.
Revised January 10, 2025 – Added Europe to Involved Region and Country section and
revised Step 1 under the Service Procedure.
Revised February 26, 2025 – Added the 2026 Cadillac VISTIQ, updated the Involved
Region or Country section, Cause section, steps in the Service Procedure and the first
Important statement under Performing a Field Action.