Bulletin No.: PIC5808B
Published date: 02/3/2025
Preliminary Information
PIC5808B Normal Characteristic - Pop Or Snap Noise Heard After
Moving Vehicle When Parking In Low Ambient Temperatures For An
Extended Period Of Time
Models
Brand: Model: Model Y ears:VIN:Engine: Transmissions:from to
Chevr oletCamar o ZL1 2012 - 2015 All AllAll All
Chevr oletCamar o SS 2014 - 2015 All AllAll All
Supersession Statement
This PI was superseded to update model years. Please discar d all copies of PIC5808A .
The following diagnosis might be helpful if the vehicle e xhibits the symptom(s) described
in this PI.
Condition / Concern
Some customers ma y notice that a single audible "pop" or "snap" noise can be
heard immediately after the vehicle is put into motion.
This noise ma y originate from the front and/or the rear of the vehicle.
This is typically noticed ﬁrst thing in the morning after the vehicle has been
stationary overnight or for an extended period of time.
This noise is also more pronounced in lower ambient temperatures.
The noise sounds similar to a brak e pad that has temporarily stuck to a rotor
due to vehicle inactivity .
After the initial vehicle movement, this noise can no longer be duplicated until
the car remains stationary again for an extended period of time.
Recommendations / Instructions
This concern is actually a characteristic of the high performance tires that the
vehicle is equipped with.
Due to the soft rubber compound used in these tires, they have a natural
tendency to stick to the pavement.
When the vehicle is moved, this pop noise is the sound of the tire releasing
from the pavement.
This noise will not be able to be duplicated again for the remainder of the drive
cycle, or even when the vehicle is park ed again for short periods of time.
If you notice this concern, mak e no repairs, as this is a normal characteristic of
these high performance tires.
Customer Information
Please communicate to the customer that this condition is a normal operating
characteristic of their vehicle. It will not impact the designed performance or reliability of
the vehicle. Please share this information with the customer , including a copy of this
message.
Please follow this diagnostic or r epair pr ocess thor oughly and complete each step. If the
condition e xhibited is r esolved without completing every step, the r emaining steps do not
need to be perfor med.
GM Global Brands
© 2025 General Motors. All Rights R eserved.