Copyright 2025 General Motors. All Rights Reserved.Bulletin No.: 25-NA-040
Service BulletinDate: February, 2025
INFORMATION
Second Row Executive Seat Does Not Move with C-Pillar Button or Virtual
Switches
Brand: Model: Model Year: VIN: Engine: Transmission:
from to from to
Cadillac Escalade IQ 2025 2025        
Involved Region or Country United States and Canada
Additional Options (RPOs) Equipped with RPO ABV or AL4
ConditionSome technicians during the Pre-delivery Inspection (PDI) may notice the second row
executive seat does not move when pressing the C-pillar switch or using the A26 or A34
heater and air conditioning control assembly.Subject:
Page 2 February, 2025 Bulletin No.: 25-NA-040
GM bulletins are intended for use by professional technicians, NOT a "do-it-yourselfer" . They are written to inform these
technicians of conditions that may occur on some vehicles, or to provide information that could assist in the proper
service of a vehicle. Properly trained technicians have the equipment, tools, safety instructions, and know-how to do a job
properly and safely. If a condition is described, DO NOT assume that the bulletin applies to your vehicle, or that your
vehicle will have that condition. See your GM dealer for information on whether your vehicle may beneﬁt from the
information.
WE SUPPORT VOLUNTARY
TECHNICIAN
CERTIFICATIONCauseThe causes of the condition may be the blue strap that comes from the factory hasn’t
been removed. Failure to remove the strap before using the seat controls can result no
seat movement due to the strap inadvertently pulling one of the emergency release
tethers which can cause the micro-switch to open which prevents seat movement.
6850623
CorrectionRemove the blue strap and re-try the power seat controls. If no movement, push the seat
back rearward until it locks into place and re-try the power seat controls.
Note: The C-Pillar mounted seat switches will time out (power down) after 2 minutes if
any of the doors are left open, including the etrunk and lift gate. To re-energize the C-
Pillar seat switches, press any key fob button or open/close any door.
Service Procedure
Important: Service agents must comply with all International, Federal, State, Provincial, and/or Local laws
applicable to the activities it performs under this bulletin, including but not limited to handling, deploying,
preparing, classifying, packaging, marking, labeling, and shipping dangerous goods. In the event of a
conflict between the procedures set forth in this bulletin and the laws that apply to your dealership, you
must follow those applicable laws.
Important: This technical service bulletin (TSB) can only be completed by certified repair facilities who have met all
specific training, tool and equipment requirements pertaining to the vehicle Brand and Model serviced. Repairs must
be performed by a technician who has successfully completed the required training.
Version 1
Modified Released February 21, 2025
Keywords: 2nd, second, row, seat, seatback, executive, ABV, AL4, stuck, move, inop, emergency, release, tether,
strap, switch, switches