Technical Service Bulletin (TSB)
Flash: Motor Control Processor B (MCP B) Updates
REFERENCE: TSB: 08-013-25 REV. A
GROUP: 08 - ElectricalDate: February 12, 2025 REVISION: 08-013-25
VEHICLES
AFFECTED:2024 (KM) Jeep Wagoneer S
This bulletin applies to vehicles equipped with 400V G2500 FR/RR Elec
Drive Motors (Sales Code ELD).MARKET APPLICABILITY:
NA
SA
EEMEA
IAP
CH
CUSTOMER
SYMPTOM:Customers may experience a Malfunction Indicator Lamp (MIL) illumination and the vehicle may
exhibit/set the following Diagnostic Trouble Code (DTC):
●P1626-00 - Park Pawl Motor Stuck.
Customers may also comment on one or more of the following:
●Wrench lamp on in the Instrument Panel Cluster (IPC).
●Not able to move the shifter out of Park.
●Vehicle has reduced power.
This bulletin also includes the following software enhancement:
●Software enhancement to prevent erroneous fault identification resulting in inverter shutdown.
CAUSE: MCP B software update
This bulletin supersedes Technical Service Bulletin (TSB) 08-013-25, date of issue January 18, 2025,
which should be removed from your files. All revisions are highlighted with **asterisks** and include
an updated Caution note.
This Technical Service Bulletin (TSB) has also been released as a Rapid Service Update (RSU) 24-175,
date of issue December 28, 2024. All applicable RSU VINs have been loaded. To verify this RSU service
action is applicable to the vehicle, use VIP or perform a VIN search in DealerCONNECT/Service Library.
All repairs are reimbursable within the provisions of warranty.
NOTE: The RSU portion of this service bulletin covers U.S. and Canada only.
REPAIR SUMMARY:
This bulletin involves reprogramming the BPCM, MCP A, MCP B and the EVCU with the latest available
software and then performing a Wheel End Disconnect Position Learn routine.
CLAIMS DATA:
Labor Operation No: Labor Description Skill Category Labor Time
18-19-17-AV BPCM, MCP A, MCP B,
EVCU - Inspect Software
Level
(0 - Introduction)6 - Electrical and Body
Systems0.2 Hrs.
18-19-17-AW BPCM, MCP A, MCP
B, EVCU - Inspect and
Reprogram
(0 - Introduction)6 - Electrical and Body
Systems0.9 Hrs.
Failure Code RF Required Flash
CC Customer Concern
The dealer must choose which failure code to use depending on if this is a Rapid Service Update
(RSU) or Technical Service Bulletin.
● The “RF” failure code is required for essential module flash/reprogramming and can only be used after
confirmation that the VIN is included on the RSU.
● The failure code “RF” (Required Flash) can no longer be used on Technical Service Bulletin flashes. The
“RF” failure code must be used on an RSU.
● If the customer’s concern matches the SYMPTOM/CONDITION identified in the Technical Service Bulletin,
failure code CC is to be used. When utilizing this failure code, the 3C’s must be supplied.
DIAGNOSIS:
Using a Scan Tool (wiTECH) with the appropriate Diagnostic Procedures available in DealerCONNECT/
Service Library, verify all related systems are functioning as designed. If DTCs or symptom conditions, other
than the ones listed above are present, record the issues on the repair order and repair as necessary before
proceeding further with this bulletin.
If a customers VIN is listed in VIP or your RSU VIN list, perform the repair. If any vehicle not on the VIN list
exhibits any of the symptom listed above in the customer symptom section, perform the Repair Procedure.
SPECIAL TOOLS/EQUIPMENT:
Description Ref. No. Notes
wiTECH or Equivalent – –B08 FSAR-TSB-5029 -2-
REPAIR PROCEDURE:
WARNING!
● Before performing the software reprogramming, it is necessary to make the vehicle safe.
● When performing repairs that directly involve or imply possible contact with live high voltage
components/systems, the technician must ensure that the power supply of the high-voltage system
is disconnected throughout the operation.
● Only specifically trained technicians qualified to perform repairs on vehicles with high voltage
systems under current national laws/regulations are authorized to work on the vehicle.
● Before performing any diagnostic repair work on the vehicle, carefully read and comply with
the general instructions for working safely on hybrid/electric vehicles and use suitable general
equipment and Personal Protective Equipment (PPE).
● The vehicle must not be connected to a high voltage charger when performing software updates.
NOTE: ● Install a 12 volt battery charger to ensure sufficient battery voltage which can also support
50-60 amps during the flash process.
● The remote battery posts (jump posts) under the hood may be used to connect a 12 volt
battery charger to eliminate the need to remove the battery.
● If this flash process is interrupted/aborted, the flash should be restarted.
CAUTION!
● **To lower the risk of failure modes prior to the flash update, do not open trunk, frunk or passenger
door without first opening the driver door before performing this Repair Procedure. This process
will not need to be performed after the flash update has been completed.
● Minimize on-site vehicle movements and ignition cycles where possible before performing this
Repair Procedure.**
1. Is the vehicle on the RSU VIN list?
● YES >>> Proceed to Step 2 .
● NO >>> Proceed to Step 3 .
2. Does the BPCM, MCP A, MCP B and the EVCU have the latest software already installed?
● YES>>> This bulletin has been completed, use inspect LOP (18-19-17-AV) to close the active RSU.
● NO>>> Proceed to Step 3 .
CAUTION!
The BPCM, MCP A, MCP B and EVCU must be updated to the latest available software in the
correct order. Update the modules and perform the routine in the following order:
● 1 - BPCM
● 2 - MCP A
● 3 - MCP B
● 4 - EVCU
● 5 - Wheel End Disconnect Position Learn routine
3. Reprogram the BPCM to the latest available software.
4. Clear DTCs.
5. Are any of the following DTCs now active or pending in the BPCM?
● P1614-00 - ECU Reset/Recovery Occurred.
● P2D3A-00 - Forced Hybrid/EV System Shutdown.
● U029A-00 - Lost Communication With Hybrid Battery Pack Sensor Module.
● YES>>> Proceed to Step 6 .
● NO>>> Proceed to Step 8 .-3- B08 FSAR-TSB-5029
6. If P1614  or P2D3A  are set, use the wiTECH and navigate to the BPCM "Misc Functions" and then select
"BPCM Soft Reset". If U029A  is set, a six-minute sleep cycle will be needed to allow the code to go sleep.
After doing the sleep cycle, turn the ignition ON, reconnect the micropod, clear the DTCs and then perform
the "BPCM Soft Reset".
NOTE: ● For the six-minute sleep cycle to be successful, the micropod must be disconnected
and the ignition must be set to OFF prior to starting the sleep cycle. Additionally, all
accessories, lights and electrical units must be turned off, and hood, trunk and all doors
must be closed with no one inside the vehicle. During this sleep cycle, the vehicle may
present IPC warning, chimes and other DTCs.
● If U00C6 or P1CDA are Active or Pending in the BPCM, no service action is required for
these DTCs and there is no impact to the customer. Proceed to Step 7.
● ● If P0F00, P0F01, P0F02, P0F03, P0F04, P0F05, P0F06, P0F07, P0F08, P0F09, P0F0A,
P0F0B or P0F0C are present in the BPCM proceed to Step 7.
● If a 12V reset is performed on the vehicle (12V replacement or disconnect), DTCs fromthe
previous two bullets may appear. If this happens, no service action is required for these
DTCs and there is no impact to the customer. Proceed to Step 7.
7. Clear DTCs.
8. Reprogram the MCP A with the latest available software.
9. Reprogram the MCP B with the latest available software.
10. Reprogram the EVCU with the latest available software.
11. Can the ignition be turned off?
● YES>>> Proceed to Step 13 .
● NO>>> Proceed to Step 12 .
12. Disconnect the 12 volt battery charger and the 12 volt battery for 15 seconds.
13. Clear DTCs.
14. Is DTC P167B-00 - Controlled System Shutdown now active in the BPCM?
● YES>>> Proceed to Step 15 .
● NO>>> Proceed to Step 17 .
15. Using wiTECH, perform a "Impact Event Fault Reset" routine. This routine is located in the ’Misc Functions’
menu for the BPCM.
16. Allow the vehicle to go to sleep. This will take approximately six minutes then proceed to Step 17 .
NOTE: For the six-minute sleep cycle to be successful, the micropod must be disconnected
and the ignition must be set to OFF prior to starting the sleep cycle. Additionally, all
accessories, lights and electrical units must be turned off, and hood, trunk and all doors
must be closed with no one inside the vehicle. During this sleep cycle, the vehicle may
present IPC warning, chimes and other DTCs.
17. Using wiTECH, perform a "Wheel End Disconnect Position Learn" routine. This routine is located in
the ’Misc Functions’ menu for the EVCU.
NOTE: If the Wheel End Disconnect Position Learn routine is not successful, roll the vehicle
slightly forward so that the wheel end disconnect actuators can align on the spline before
attempting to perform the routine again.
18. Clear any DTCs that may have been set in any modules due to reprogramming. The wiTECH application
will automatically present all DTCs after the flash and allow them to be cleared.B08 FSAR-TSB-5029 -4-
POLICY:
Reimbursable within the provisions of the warranty.
This bulletin is supplied as technical information only and is not an authorization for repair. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or
transmitted, in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, or otherwise, without written permission of FCA US LLC.-5- B08 FSAR-TSB-5029