Copyright 2025 General Motors. All Rights Reserved.Bulletin No.: 24-NA-048
Service BulletinDate: February, 2025
INFORMATION
Information on Unwanted Rear Automatic Braking (RAB)
 
Brand: Model: Model Year: Breakpoint: Engine: Transmission:
from to from to
Buick
All GM Vehicles with
(RPO UVZ)2023 2025 — — — —Cadillac
Chevrolet
GMC
 
Involved Region or CountryNorth America, Uzbekistan, Middle East, Israel, Palestine, Argentina (Mercosur), Brazil
(Mercosur), Bolivia (West), Chile (West), Colombia (West), Ecuador (West), Peru (West),
Uruguay (West), Japan, Cadillac Korea (South Korea), China - SGM
Additional Options (RPOs)Equipped with SENSOR-COLLISION AVOIDANCE & MITIGATION, VEHICLE REVERSE
MOVEMENT (RPO UVZ)
ConditionSome customers may comment that the rear automatic braking may brake unwantedly,
usually when reversing out of a garage or driveway.
CauseThe cause of the condition may be due to the design sensitivity with the rear virtual
bumper. The system is calibrated to catch as many possible scenarios as it can.
CorrectionIf a customer has this condition with their vehicle, dealer technicians can show the
customer that there are different settings that the customer can select in their personali-
zation menu to either set an audible alert only or audible alert with braking. Customers
are also encouraged to refer to the owner’s manual section on reverse automatic braking
(RAB) and the warnings that are noted.Subject:
 
Service Procedure
Important: This technical service bulletin (TSB) can only be completed by certified repair facilities who have met all
specific training, tool and equipment requirements pertaining to the vehicle Brand and Model serviced. Repairs must
be performed by a technician who has successfully completed the required training.
Important: Service agents must comply with all International, Federal, State, Provincial, and/or Local laws
applicable to the activities it performs under this bulletin, including but not limited to handling, deploying,
preparing, classifying, packaging, marking, labeling, and shipping dangerous goods. In the event of a
conflict between the procedures set forth in this bulletin and the laws that apply to your dealership, you
must follow those applicable laws.
 
Page 2 February, 2025 Bulletin No.: 24-NA-048
GM bulletins are intended for use by professional technicians, NOT a "do-it-yourselfer" . They are written to inform these
technicians of conditions that may occur on some vehicles, or to provide information that could assist in the proper
service of a vehicle. Properly trained technicians have the equipment, tools, safety instructions, and know-how to do a job
properly and safely. If a condition is described, DO NOT assume that the bulletin applies to your vehicle, or that your
vehicle will have that condition. See your GM dealer for information on whether your vehicle may beneﬁt from the
information.
WE SUPPORT VOLUNTARY
TECHNICIAN
CERTIFICATIONVersion 5
ModifiedReleased March 11, 2024
Revised July 10, 2024 - Updated Involved Region or Country and added Enclave,
Equinox EV, Silverado EV, Traverse, and Acadia.
Revised July 19, 2024 - Updated the Warranty Information.
Revised October 15, 2024 - Removed the Warranty Information.
Revised February 06, 2025 - Added Vehicles and 2025 Model Year.