Technical Service BulletinTechnical Service Bulletin Transaction No.:  2040590/142040590/14
00-19-01 - PDI - Paint Defect - Water Migration Under the RAPGARD® Release date:  Feb 5, 2025
ConditionCondition
Applicable VehiclesApplicable Vehicles
Model(s)Model(s) YearYear Eng. CodeEng. Code Trans. CodeTrans. Code VIN Range FromVIN Range From VIN Range ToVIN Range To
All Models 2020-2025 All All All All
Revision TableRevision Table
Instance NumberInstance Number Published DatePublished Date Version NumberVersion Number Reason For UpdateReason For Update
2040590/14 2/5/2025 00-19-01 To update model year applicability.
2040590/13 12/14/2023 00-19-01 To update model year applicability.
2040590/11 1/30/2023 00-19-01 To update model year applicability.
2040590/1 6/5/2015 V001503 Original publication.
Water migration under the Water migration under the RAPGARDRAPGARD® ® can be mistaken as a paint defect when in fact it is only moisture trapped in the clearcan be mistaken as a paint defect when in fact it is only moisture trapped in the clear
coat of the paint. See examples 1-12 to see how water migration may appear.coat of the paint. See examples 1-12 to see how water migration may appear.
Technical BackgroundTechnical Background
When RAPGARD® is applied at the factory, humidity in the air can get trapped between the plastic and the paint.  Over time this moisture can be
absorbed into the clear coat creating marks.
Production SolutionProduction Solution
Not Applicable.
ServiceService
Topics CoveredTopics Covered•RAPGARD®, removal and disposal
•Inspecting for water migration in areas where RAPGARD® was removed.
•Examples of water migration after the RAPGARD® is removed
RAPGARDRAPGARD®®
Vehicles are shipped with RAPGARD®. This self-adhering plastic product is applied in certain areas of the vehicle and is designed to provide
protection from all types of possible damages.
RAPGARDRAPGARD®®, Removal, Removal
  NOTICENOTICE
RAPGARDRAPGARD® ® must be removed from the vehicle no later than 9 months after application. See sticker (location on vehiclemust be removed from the vehicle no later than 9 months after application. See sticker (location on vehicle
body varies) for detailed informationbody varies) for detailed information
Vehicle must be at room temperature.
The ideal body surface temperature for RAPGARD® removal is 60°F (15.5°C) to 80°F (26.6° C).
If body surface temperatures are below 60°F (15.5°C) or above 80°F (26.6° C) then:
•Removal procedure should be performed indoors after surface temperatures have been allowed to stabilize within the given range.
•Rinse vehicle thoroughly with water to remove surface dirt or dust and to help stabilize body surface temperatures.
•Starting at the corners of each panel, carefully remove RAPGARD® from vehicle.
RAPGARDRAPGARD®® Disposal Disposal
RAPGARD® can be disposed as normal paper waste. If unsure about proper disposal procedures in your area, check local regulations.
RAPGARDRAPGARD®®, Paint Inspection after Removal, Paint Inspection after Removal
Inspect painted surfaces under one of the following lighting conditions:
•Indoors under fluorescent lighting.
•Outdoors under bright sunlight.
Inspecting for Water MigrationInspecting for Water Migration
After removal of RAPGARD®, some vehicles may exhibit temporary paint discoloration or paint swelling (caused by trapped moisture under the
RAPGARD®).
•This temporary swelling is caused by the paint finish absorbing moisture trapped under the RAPGARD® film.
•This swelling will disappear with exposure to the sun or heat lamps within 2 -3 hours. Severe paint swelling may require 2 -3 days to
recover.
  CAUTIONCAUTION
DO NOT buff or refinish paint for this condition!DO NOT buff or refinish paint for this condition!
Paint discoloration (looks like shaded or dark magic marker lines) can be removed with a heat gun using the following procedure:
•Hold heat gun approximately 3 in. away from affected paint surfaces and apply heat using slow oscillating motions until discoloration is
gone.
•If discoloration remains, wipe the heated area with Isopropyl alcohol and repeat procedure to increase surface drying.
Various Examples of Water Migration under the RAPGARDVarious Examples of Water Migration under the RAPGARD®®
Example 1
 Example 2
Example 3
 Example 4
Example 5
 Example 6
Example 7
 Example 8
Example 9
 Example 10
Example 11
 Example 12
WarrantyWarranty
Information only.
Required Parts and ToolsRequired Parts and Tools
No parts required.
No special tools required.
Additional InformationAdditional Information
All part and service references provided in this Technical Bulletin are subject to change and/or removal. Always check with your Parts Dept. and
Repair Manuals for the latest information.
© 2025 Volkswagen Group of America, Inc.
© 2025 Volkswagen Group of America, Inc.
 All rights reserved. Information contained in this document is based on the latest information
available at the time of printing and is subject to the copyright and other intellectual property rights of Volkswagen Group of America, Inc., its
affiliated companies and its licensors. All rights are reserved to make changes at any time without notice. No part of this document may be
reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or
otherwise, nor may these materials be modified or reposted to other sites, without the prior expressed written permission of the publisher.
?:These documents are exclusively for internal use.
