 
192 12V Battery Message on Instrument Cluster with Possible No Start
Topic number LI54.10-P-078915
Version 1
Function group 54.10 - Battery, power supply, voltage converter
Date 2/14/25
Validity 192
Reason for change
Complaint
12V battery message on the Instrument Cluster with possible no start.
Cause
Low voltage of the 12V battery
Remedy
1. Perform battery test via XENTRY Diagnosis (check the "12V battery" component).
2. If the test result is "The component "Battery" is not in OK. Replace component "battery"", please create a TIPS ca-
se labeled "192 12V Battery Replacement"
3. Include the N73/3 EZS CUL and Initial Quick Test
4. Please do not carry out any further work on the vehicle (software updates, parts replacement, etc.).
5. For analysis purposes, do not replace the 12V battery for the time being.
6.The further procedure for processing the vehicle will be communicated via TIPS.
Disclaimer
NOTE: The information contained in this document is intended for use by trained, professional technicians with the
knowledge to properly and safely perform diagnosis and repairs on Mercedes-Benz vehicles, using Mercedes-Benz
approved tools and equipment. It informs service technicians about conditions that could occur in certain vehicles and
provides information that could assist in proper vehicle diagnosis, service, or repair. It does not indicate that a defect
is present in any vehicle referenced in this document nor does it imply warranty coverage. DO NOT assume that a
symptom or condition, or a described cause of a symptom or condition, affects any particular vehicle or groups of ve-
hicles, or that a described repair applies to any particular vehicle or groups of vehicles. There can be multiple causes
resulting in the same or similar symptoms or conditions described in this document, and trained professional service
technicians must use their diagnostic skills to make evaluations on a case-by-case basis. The information contained
in this document does not guarantee warranty coverage nor does it extend the vehicle’s warranty in any way.
Symptoms
Overall vehicle  > Power supply  > Battery/On-board electrical system  > Battery/on-board electrical system display
message  > Low voltage Charge battery
20.02.2025   15:00   CCUSHWA
© Copyright Mercedes-Benz AG   Page  1 / 2
 
Operation numbers/damage codes
Op. no. Operation text Time Damage
codeNote
20.02.2025   15:00   CCUSHWA
© Copyright Mercedes-Benz AG   Page  2 / 2