 
SC335 
 
February 13,  2025  
 
ATTENTION:  ALL DEALER PARTS & SERVICE MANAGERS  
 
Kia America, Inc. is conducting a Voluntary Service Campaign to update the battery management system (BMS) to prevent 
overcharging of the 12V Lithium battery in the vehicles listed below that have not had SA553 completed yet:   
 
• Certain 2023 -2024 MY Sportage Hybrid (HEV) vehicles manufactured from February 15, 2022 through October 28, 
2023  
• Certain 2023 -2024 MY Niro Hybrid (HEV) vehicles manufactured from June 21, 2022 through February 6, 2023  
 
NOTE:  This Voluntary Service Campaign supersedes SA553.  
 
Due to a software logic issue, the battery management system (BMS) may inadvertently overcharge the 12V Lithium battery.    
If the 12V Lithium battery becomes overcharged, the subject vehicles may experience a reduction in motive power 
accompanied by the “ Check Hybrid System. Stop Safely” warning message, Hybrid system warning lamp, Service warning 
lamp, Charging system warning lamp, and a rapid beeping sound for 10 seconds.  
 
Dealers will update the vehicle’s BMS software to prevent overcharging of the 12V Lithium battery.  This campaign will be performed free of charge at no cost to the customer.  In addition, the customer notification will reiterate the owner’s manual 
instruc tions for emergency starting using the 12V battery reset function.  Note: This remedy software is the same as the 
software installed as part of SA553.    
 The Technical Service Bulletin that provides vehicle inspection and repair procedures, affected VIN production range, and 
warranty claim information will be posted on the Kia Global Information System (KGIS) at www.kiatechinfo.com during the 
week of February  13, 2025. 
 
Enclosed you will find a copy of the owner notification letter and a Q&A Guide, both of which describe the issue.   Kia will 
mail notices to the affected vehicle owners beginning on February 17, 2025 . 
 Please make personnel in your dealership familiar with the details of this Voluntary Service Campaign so they may respond to customer inquiries and requests  appropriately .  This Voluntary Service Campaign is an opportunity for your service 
department to deliver an exceptional service experience to customers who may not have otherwise scheduled  service.   
Providing customers with easy scheduling and timely service increases the chance they will return to your service department for future service needs.  
 
LEGAL PRIVACY LIABILITY NOTICE : Pursuant to the terms of the Dealer Sales and Service Agreement and the Gramm-
Leach -Bliley federal consumer privacy act, you are required to keep confidential any and all information and documents 
provided to you by Kia America, Inc. or generated by you in the conduct of carrying out work under that Agreement 
regarding Kia vehicle purchasers and owners, including but not limited to warranty claim information.  Kia dealers may use 
such owner information for the sole purpose of  conducting and performing this voluntary service  campaign, and for no other 
purpose.  
 
If you have any questions, please contact your Kia District Parts and Service Manager.  
 
Sincerely,  
 
Kia Service Department  
Enclosures  