Copyright 2025 General Motors. All Rights Reserved.Bulletin No.: 22-NA-140
Service BulletinDate: February, 2025
INFORMATION
Information on Rear Suspension Sag When Loaded with Equipment
 
Brand: Model: Model Year: VIN: Engine: Transmission:
from to from to
Chevrolet Tahoe 2021 2025        
 
Involved Region or Country North America
Additional Options (RPOs) 5W4: SALES PACKAGE-SPECIAL SERVICE, MUNICIPAL
Condition Some customers may comment on the rear suspension sagging.
CauseThis condition may be caused by heavy equipment loaded the in cargo area overloading
the suspension enough to sag at a point where the truck is lower in the rear.
InformationImportant: This is a customer pay repair.
A higher rate spring is available to provide more capacity for vehicles that are heavily
loaded. Replace the right and left rear coil springs as deemed necessary.Subject:
 
Important: Service agents must comply with all International, Federal, State, Provincial, and/or Local laws
applicable to the activities it performs under this bulletin, including but not limited to handling, deploying,
preparing, classifying, packaging, marking, labeling, and shipping dangerous goods. In the event of a
conflict between the procedures set forth in this bulletin and the laws that apply to your dealership, you
must follow those applicable laws.
 
Service Procedure
Refer to Coil Spring Replacement in SI.
 
Parts Information
Causal
PartDescription Part
NumberQty
X SPRING, RR
COIL84660652 2
 
Warranty Information
Important: Caution must be used to make sure the truck is not overloaded per the GVWR ratings label. This is a
customer pay repair.
 
Page 2 February, 2025 Bulletin No.: 22-NA-140
GM bulletins are intended for use by professional technicians, NOT a "do-it-yourselfer" . They are written to inform these
technicians of conditions that may occur on some vehicles, or to provide information that could assist in the proper
service of a vehicle. Properly trained technicians have the equipment, tools, safety instructions, and know-how to do a job
properly and safely. If a condition is described, DO NOT assume that the bulletin applies to your vehicle, or that your
vehicle will have that condition. See your GM dealer for information on whether your vehicle may beneﬁt from the
information.
WE SUPPORT VOLUNTARY
TECHNICIAN
CERTIFICATIONVersion 2
Modified Released March 08, 2023
Revised February 19, 2025 - Added 2023 to 2025 Model Year.