Technical Service Bulletin (TSB)
Flash: Powertrain Control Module (PCM) Updates
REFERENCE: TSB:  18-004-25
GROUP:  18 - Vehicle PerformanceDate: February 8, 2025 REVISION: ––
VEHICLES
AFFECTED:2023 (GA) Alfa Romeo Giulia
This bulletin applies to vehicles equipped with the 2.9L V6 Twin Turbo
PDI Engine (Sales Code EEC).MARKET APPLICABILITY:
NA
SA
EEMEA
IAP
CH
CUSTOMER
SYMPTOM:Customers must experience a Malfunction Indicator Lamp (MIL) illumination and the vehicle must exhibit
the following Diagnostic Trouble Code (DTC):
●P0606 - Control Module Processor.
Customers may also experience the following:
●Vehicle goes into limp-in mode.
CAUSE: PCM software
REPAIR SUMMARY:
This bulletin involves reprogramming the PCM with the latest available software.
CLAIMS DATA:
Labor Operation No: Labor Description Skill Category Labor Time
18-19-06-BQ Module, Powertrain
Control (PCM) -
Reprogram
(0 - Introduction)1 - Engine Repair and
Performance0.7 Hrs.
Failure Code CC Customer Concern
The dealer must use failure code CC with this Technical Service Bulletin.
● If the customer’s concern matches the SYMPTOM identified in the Technical Service Bulletin, failure code
CC is to be used.
● When utilizing this failure code, the 3C’s (customer’s concern, cause and correction) must be provided for
processing Technical Service Bulletin flash/reprogramming conditions.
DIAGNOSIS:
Using a Scan Tool (wiTECH) with the appropriate Diagnostic Procedures available in DealerCONNECT/
Service Library, verify all related systems are functioning as designed. If DTCs or symptom conditions, other
than the ones listed above are present, record the issues on the repair order and repair as necessary before
proceeding further with this bulletin.
If the customer describes a symptom/condition or if the technician finds a DTC listed above, perform the
Repair Procedure.
SPECIAL TOOLS/EQUIPMENT:
Description Ref. No. Notes
wiTECH or Equivalent – –
REPAIR PROCEDURE:
NOTE: This vehicle has two ECMs (Primary and Secondary). Both must be updated to the latest
available software. The Primary ECM must be programmed first then the Secondary ECM2
(both known as PCMs).
NOTE: Install a battery charger to ensure battery voltage does not drop below 13.2 volts. Do not allow
the charging voltage to climb above 13.5 volts during the flash process.
NOTE: If this flash process is interrupted/aborted, the flash should be restarted.
1. Reprogram the PCM (Primary) with the latest software. If issues arise when flashing a module using the
wiTECH Diagnostic Application, please submit a ticket to the Helpdesk. The helpdesk can be found within
the Help menu.
2. Reprogram the PCM (Secondary) with the latest software. If issues arise when flashing a module using the
wiTECH Diagnostic Application, please submit a ticket to the Helpdesk. The helpdesk can be found within
the Help menu.
3. Perform the "Control unit reprogramming" routine in wiTECH located in the ECM “Misc. Functions” menu
tab.
4. Perform the "Control unit reprogramming" routine in wiTECH located in the ECM2 “Misc. Functions” menu
tab.
NOTE: Before performing the next two steps, the ignition must be in the on position, engine off
and engine temperature must be above 80 °C (176 °F).
5. Perform the "Oil level sensor replacement" routine in wiTECH located in the ECM2 “Misc. Functions” menu
tab.
6. Clear any DTCs that may have been set in any modules due to reprogramming. The wiTECH application
will automatically present all DTCs after the flash and allow them to be cleared.
POLICY:
Reimbursable within the provisions of the warranty.
This bulletin is supplied as technical information only and is not an authorization for repair. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or
transmitted, in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, or otherwise, without written permission of FCA US LLC.