 
M254 Engine idle fluctuation
Topic number LI07.70-P-078547
Version 3
Function group 07.70 - Gasoline injection and ignition system direct injec-
tion
Date 2/19/25
Validity Passenger car with M254 engine
Reason for change Clarification to complaint
Complaint
Engine idle fluctuates or stumbles at approximately 7 second interval. No relevant fault codes are stored.
If fault codes are stored or check engine light illuminated, this should be diagnosed separately.
Attachments
File Description
Example M254 fluctuation.mp4 Example video of engine fluctuation
Cause
Torque signal mismatch between MRG and PTCU control units. Only effects version 20B of PTCU.
Attachments
File Description
CPC 20B.png
Remedy
Software solution in development and LI will be updated once an ETA is available. Replacing parts will not resolve this
symptom.
20.02.2025   15:07   CCUSHWA
© Copyright Mercedes-Benz AG   Page  1 / 2
 
Vehicle can be released to owner if there are no other symptoms present. The idle fluctuation typically resolves after
several trips and will not cause other drivability symptoms or damage to the vehicle.
Create an informational TIPS case and submit to the powertrain team with the below information:
-Video showing the "engine data" from head unit while symptom active
-N3/10 MRG2 control unit log
Disclaimer
NOTE: The information contained in this document is intended for use by trained, professional technicians with the
knowledge to properly and safely perform diagnosis and repairs on Mercedes-Benz vehicles, using Mercedes-Benz
approved tools and equipment. It informs service technicians about conditions that could occur in certain vehicles and
provides information that could assist in proper vehicle diagnosis, service, or repair. It does not indicate that a defect
is present in any vehicle referenced in this document nor does it imply warranty coverage. DO NOT assume that a
symptom or condition, or a described cause of a symptom or condition, affects any particular vehicle or groups of ve-
hicles, or that a described repair applies to any particular vehicle or groups of vehicles. There can be multiple causes
resulting in the same or similar symptoms or conditions described in this document, and trained professional service
technicians must use their diagnostic skills to make evaluations on a case-by-case basis. The information contained
in this document does not guarantee warranty coverage nor does it extend the vehicle’s warranty in any way.
Symptoms
Power generation  > Engine management  > Engine running  > Surges
Power generation  > Engine management  > Engine running  > RPM too high/low
Power generation  > Engine management  > Engine running  > Runs rough/shakes
Operation numbers/damage codes
Op. no. Operation text Time Damage
codeNote
20.02.2025   15:07   CCUSHWA
© Copyright Mercedes-Benz AG   Page  2 / 2