 
2024 & 2025 167 with M256.8 Engine Harsh 5to4 shift
Topic number LI27.60-P-078599
Version 4
Function group 27.60 - Gearshift, control
Date 2/18/25
Validity MY24 & MY25 167 with 256.8 engine (GLE450, GLS
450, GLE53 )
Reason for change Clarify Procedure
Complaint
Harsh 5-4 shift felt while braking, may be mistaken for a harsh brake engagement
Cause
In certain driving scenarios the transmission adaption is recorded at a higher value skewing the learning and leading
to harsh engagement of clutches that is felt as a harsh 5-4
Remedy
SW is now available for the Transmission that adjusts the learning to keep adaption values within a proper range
Please still run through the IPR process for all steps to be available this allows us to gather information without need
for TIPS case
1.) Clear all faults
2.) After perform the reset of learned values deceleration mode in VGS Special Procedures Tab
3.) Then please perform 3-5 standstill adaptions in a row
*** THE ADAPTIONS MUST BE RESET AND SHIFTING CORRECTED BEFORE CONTINUING** *
4.) Please Install the new transmission SW via Xentry
5.) Confirm all operations are normal and perform final QC
If issues arise during the process, please open a TIPS case
Disclaimer
NOTE: The information contained in this document is intended for use by trained, professional technicians with the
knowledge to properly and safely perform diagnosis and repairs on Mercedes-Benz vehicles, using Mercedes-Benz
approved tools and equipment. It informs service technicians about conditions that could occur in certain vehicles and
20.02.2025   15:00   CCUSHWA
© Copyright Mercedes-Benz AG   Page  1 / 2
 
provides information that could assist in proper vehicle diagnosis, service, or repair. It does not indicate that a defect
is present in any vehicle referenced in this document nor does it imply warranty coverage. DO NOT assume that a
symptom or condition, or a described cause of a symptom or condition, affects any particular vehicle or groups of ve-
hicles, or that a described repair applies to any particular vehicle or groups of vehicles. There can be multiple causes
resulting in the same or similar symptoms or conditions described in this document, and trained professional service
technicians must use their diagnostic skills to make evaluations on a case-by-case basis. The information contained
in this document does not guarantee warranty coverage nor does it extend the vehicle’s warranty in any way.
Symptoms
Power transmission  > Automatic transmission  > Function  > Engaging process
Power transmission  > Automatic transmission  > Function  > Shifts
Power transmission  > Automatic transmission  > Function  > Shifting is rough
Power transmission  > Automatic transmission  > Function  > Poor shift quality
Operation numbers/damage codes
Op. no. Operation text Time Damage
codeNote
20.02.2025   15:00   CCUSHWA
© Copyright Mercedes-Benz AG   Page  2 / 2