Involved Region or
CountryNorth America
Additional Options
(RPO)with RPO UKL - Super Cruise
ConditionSome customers ma y comment when trying to engage super
cruise, on an approved super cruise road, they ma y have one or
more of the complaints listed below .  In addition, there ma y not
be any DTC's related to the complaint.
-  "Super Cruise Unavailable" message with NO other secondary
messages  
-  "Super Cruise Unavailable" message with secondary message
"Could Not Recognize F ace" or "Can't See F ace Clearly"  
-  When engaging super cruise, it ma y momentarily engage for a
few seconds, but then the green steering wheel light bar will
start to ﬂash indicating the driver is not pa ying attention to the
road. Then the steering wheel light bar will ﬂash red,  a "T ake
Control" message, safety alert seat pulses or beeps sound and
the driver will need to tak e steering control as super cruise
disengages.
Question the customer to see if any of these symptoms have
occurred.  If the vehicle has this condition, the super cruise
most lik ely has never work ed correctly from new and the most
common complaint is only an IPC message that "Super Cruise
Unavailable" with no other symptoms.    
 
CauseThe cause of this condition could be the B292 drivers monitoring
system camera not able to see the drivers face clearly . 
Bulletin No.: PIT6059B
Published date: 02/6/2025
Preliminary Information
PIT6059B Super Cruise Unavailable Message
Models
Brand: Model: Model Y ears:VIN:Engine: Transmissions:from to
All All 2022 - 2025 All AllAll All
 
 
 
 
 
Correction:  
Before making any repairs, mak e sure the driver is in fact focusing their attention on
driving. Also, verify there is nothing causing the B292 drivers monitoring camera from
seeing the drivers face/eyes, such as: 
-  The sun ma y be shining into the Driver Attention System camera
-  There ma y be glare on your face (e.g., dawn or dusk)  
-  Beverages, food, hands, or other objects are obstructing the camera's view of your face  
-  The steering column is positioned too high or low , obstructing the camera's view of your
face; the steering column must be adjusted if this message appears frequently  
-  Inspect the B292 drivers monitor camera's lens to mak e sure it is clean and clean if
necessary . 
-  The B292 drivers monitoring camera ma y not be fully clipped into the upper steering
column shroud, as shown below in call out 3.  When the camera is not fully clipped into
position there will be a gap between the camera and shroud, as shown in call out 2.  Also,
the camera will move back and forth in the shroud.  Call outs 1 and 4 show a camera that
is fully clipped into position.  
  If no issues are found above and a root cause has not been found after following normal
SI diagnostics, then replace the B292 drivers monitoring system camera.
 

Version 3
Modiﬁed09/15/2023 - Created on.  
04/19/2024 -  Update to the model list and
correction sections.  
02/06/2025 - Update to the model listLabor Operation Description Labor Time
6610050Driver Monitoring Camera
ReplacementUse Published
Time
 
Warranty Information
For vehicles repaired under the Bumper-to-Bumper coverage (Canada Base W arranty
coverage), use the following labor operation. Reference the Applicable W arranties section
of Investigate V ehicle History (IVH) for coverage information.
Version History
 
 
GM Global Brands
© 2025 General Motors. All Rights R eserved.