INDIAN MOTORCYCLE
HELP CENTER
What can we help you ﬁnd? Search
Help Center Home / Article
02/25/2025
2019-2024 FTR Battery Removal and Installation
Requir ed Tools and Supplies
Shop Rags Safety Glasses
Nitrile Gloves Dielectric Grease or P etroleum Jelly
10mm Socket 6mm Allen Socket
Ratchet Torque Wrench
Always wear safety glasses and nitrile gloves when servicing your Indian Motorcycle. T o remove and
install the battery on your FTR, follow these steps:
1. Park the bike on a flat, level surface.
2. Turn the ignition switch off and remove the key.
3. Move down to the front of the bike and remove the three battery cover fasteners with a 6mmFTR 1200 Batter y Remo val and Installation - Indian Mot orcycle FTR 1200 Batter y Remo val and Installation - Indian Mot orcycle
Allen socket.
4. Then remove the cover.
5. Using a 10mm socket, disconnect the negative battery cable first to prevent arcing and set aside.
6. Then use the 10mm socket to disconnect the positive battery cable from the terminal. Set aside.
7. Tilt the battery forward and remove from the bike.
8. Inspect the battery box for damage, ensuring the pads are properly located and in good
condition. Also, clean out the box with a shop rag.
9. If reinstalling the battery, ensure it is fully charged and free of any debris or damage. Follow the
instructions in the Battery Charging section of your Owner’s Manual  before installing the battery. A
new battery is part number 4082075 .
10. Continue by carefully reinstalling the battery into the bike.
11. Reinstall the positive cable first to prevent arcing. Torque to 25 in-lbs (3 Nm) and reinstall the
protector boot.
12. Then reinstall the negative cable. Torque to 25 in-lbs (3 Nm).
13. Apply a light film of dielectric grease or petroleum jelly to both terminals.
14. Before reassembly, verify the cables are secure and properly routed.
15. Turn the key ON before proceeding to verify the battery has been connected properly.
16. Continue by reinstalling the battery cover and aligning the mounting holes.
17. Reinstall the three cover fasteners. Torque to 36 in-lbs (4 Nm).
For more information, see your authorized Indian Motorcycle Dealer. Find a dealer near you with
the Dealer Locator .
Maintenance tips, procedures and specifications can be found in your  Owner's Manual .
To find diagrams and replacement part numbers, use the  online parts catalog .
YouTube® is a r egistered trademark o f Google LL C
Unless not ed, tr ademarks ar e the pr operty of Indian Mot orcycle Int ernational, LL C.
© 2022 Indian Mot orcycle Int ernational, LL C
Keyword(s) video , maintenance , battery , remove , removing , install , installing , change , changing ,Was this article helpful?
Yes, it answers my question
No, it's missing information or visuals
No, the instructions are unclear
No, What are the next steps?
No, I'm experiencing a technical error
Other
* How can we improve this article? We'd love to hear your suggestions
Tell us what you would like to see in this article
Send [] -
HELPFUL LINKS
Parts, Accessories and Apparel
Owner's Manuals
Indian Motorcycle Protection Plan
Special Of fers
Recalls
Indian Motorcycle Lubricants