GENERAL MOTORS  
DCS 7141  
URGENT - DISTRIBUTE IMMEDIATELY  
 
Date:  February 11 , 2025 
  
Subject:  N242485100  - Service Update  
 Chassis Wiring Harness Retainer  
  
Models:  2025 Cadillac LYRIQ  
   
  
General Motors is releasing  Service Update N242485100  today .    
What Should Dealers Do:  Dealers should review IVH  or the Dealer Maxis reports 
for open VINs in their inventory.   Dealers can view the attached bulletin and it 
will also be displayed in Service Information tomorrow .   
A Stock VIN list is not included as our records show there are no vehicles in 
dealer ne w inventory.  
 
 
END OF MESSAGE  
Service Update  
N242485100  Chassis Wiring Harness Retainer   
 
 Page 1 of 4 
 
Release Date : February  2025 Revision : 00  
Attention:  This service update include s vehicles in dealer inventory and customer vehicles that return to the 
dealership for any reason. This bulletin will expire at the end of the involved vehicle’s New Vehicle Limited 
Warranty period.  
For EV Involved Vehicles: The repairs outlined in this bul letin must only be completed at an authorized 
EV dealer and repairs must be performed by a technician who has successfully completed the 
applicable  technical training required to perform this repair.   
 
Make  Model  Model Year  
From  To 
Cadillac  LYRIQ  2025  2025  
Investigate Vehicle History (IVH) in the GM Global Warranty Management system should always be checked to confirm 
vehicle involvement prior to beginning any required inspections and/or repairs .   
Condition  Certain vehicles listed above  may have a condition in whic h the chassis harness branch may contact  
the rear half shaft boot on LH and RH side.  
Correction  Dealers are to inspect and install chassis wiring harness retainers.  
Parts  
Quantity  Part Name  Part No.  
2 Wiring Harness Retainer  with Offset  WPC889 * 
*Parts required to complete this field action  are NOT to be obtained from General Motors Customer Care and Aftersales 
(GMCC&A). The Wiring Harness Retainer s can be obtained from the Warranty Parts Center (WPC) using the TSP 
Dealer Request Form located on Global Connect< Department - Service Department <Service Forms 
Application<General Information tab< WPC - Temporary Service Part (TSP) Request Form . Instructions for submitting 
are on the form. The part number is in the table above.  
For Canadian English dealers: GlobalConnect>App Centre>Service Forms -Launch>112 – TSP Dealer Request Form 
v1_EN  
For Canadian French dealers: GlobalConnect>Centre des applications>Formulaires du service après -vente -
Lancez>112 – TSP Dealer Request Form v1_FR  
Please make sure to include the VIN as the WPC will be doing a VIN veri fication. It is estimated that there are only 78 
involved vehicles that will require parts being replaced. If your VIN isn’t on this field action  then your order will be 
cancelled.  
For all other regions: Follow your local process to obtain the required parts.    
It is estimated that approximately 1%  of involved vehicles will require rear wheel drive shaft  replacement  after 
inspection .  Please order parts accordingly.  
Note:  Use the VIN and the GM Electronic Parts Catalog (EPC) to determine which rear wheel driveshaft and additional 
hardware to order  IF the inspection deems it necessary . 
Warranty Information  
Labor 
Operation  Description  Labor 
Time  Trans. 
Type  Net 
Item 
9107757  Chassis Wiring Harness Retainer Replacement  
ADD: Replace 1 Rear Wheel  Drive Shaft  (If Required)  
ADD: Replace Additional Rear Wheel Drive Shaft  (If Required)  0.3 
1.8 
1.8 ZFAT  N/A 
Service Procedure  
1.  Raise and support the vehicle. Refer to Lifting and Jacking the Vehicle  in SI. 
Service Update  
N242485100 Chassis Wiring Harness Retainer   
 
  Page 2 of 4 
  
6805565  
Caution:  When removing the wiring harness retainer from the harness, use extreme care to not cut or damage the 
harness.  
2. Remove the w iring harness retainer  from the left side rear parking brake actuator harness and the rear of the 
vehicle.  
6805566  
Note:  Right side shown, left side similar.  
3. Install the NEW offset w iring harness retainer  on the harness. Ensure the offset is facing the rear of the vehicle, 
pulling the harness away from the r ear wheel drive shaft as shown.  
6805568  
Note:  Ensure the offset is facing the rear of the vehicle, pulling the harness away from the rear wheel drive shaft as 
shown. Failure to do so may result in damage to the harness  and/or the rear wheel drive shaft boot . 
4. Push the offset w iring harness retainer  back into its housing. Ensure the offset is facing the rear of the vehicle, 
pulling the harness away from the rear wheel drive shaft as shown . Trim the excess harness tie -down.  

Service Update  
N242485100 Chassis Wiring Harness Retainer   
 
  Page 3 of 4 
  
6805565  
Note:  Left side shown, right side similar.  
Caution:  When removing the wiring harness retainer from the harness, use extreme care to not cut or damage the 
harness.  
5. Remove the wiring harness retainer from the right side rear parking brake actuator harness and the rear of the 
vehicle . 
6805566  
6. Install the NEW  offset wiring harness retainer  on the harness. Ensure the offset is facing the rear of the vehicle, 
pulling the harness away from the rear wheel drive shaft as shown . 
6805570  
Note: Ensure the offset is facing the rear of the vehicle, pulling the harness away from the rear wheel drive shaft as 
shown. Failure to do so may result in damage to the harness  and/or the rear wheel drive shaft boot . 
7. Push the offset wiring harness retainer back into its housing. Ensure the offset is facing the rear of the v ehicle, 
pulling the harness away from the rear wheel drive shaft as shown . Trim the excess harness tie -down . 
8. Inspect the RH rear wheel drive shaft boot for any signs of damage.  

Service Update  
N242485100 Chassis Wiring Harness Retainer   
 
  Page 4 of 4 
  
• If the RH rear wheel drive shaft boot is not damaged, proceed to Step 10.  
• If the RH rear wheel drive shaft boot is damaged, proceed to Step 9.  
Note:  DO NOT replace the RH rear wheel drive shaft unless the above inspection deems it necessary.  
Note : Use the VIN and the GM Electronic Parts Catalog (EPC) to determine which rear wheel driveshaft and additional 
hardware to order.  
9. Replace the RH rear wheel drive shaft. Refer to Rear Wheel Drive Shaft Replacement  in SI.  
10. Inspect the LH rear wheel drive shaft boot for any signs of damage.  
• If the LH rear wheel drive shaft boot is not damaged, no further action is required.  
• If the LH Rear wheel drive shaft boot is damaged, proceed to Step 11.  
Note:  DO NOT replace the LH rear wheel drive shaft unless the above inspection deems it necessary.  
Note : Use the VIN and the GM Electronic Parts C atalog (EPC) to determine which rear wheel driveshaft and additional 
hardware to order.  
11. Replace the LH rear wheel drive shaft. Refer to Rear Wheel Drive Shaft Replacement  in SI.  
 
Dealer Responsibility   
Whenever a vehicle subject to this service update enters your vehicle inventory or is in your facility for service in the 
future, and the vehicle is still covered under the New Vehicle Limited Warranty, you must take the steps necessary to be 
sure the service update correction has been made before selling or releasing the vehicle.  
All new, used, GM Certified Pre -Owned (CPO), courtesy transportation vehicles, dealer shuttle vehicles, CarBravo, etc. 
in dealers' possession and subject to this field action  must be held and inspected/repaired per the ser vice procedure of 
this bulletin before customers take possession of these vehicles. Involved vehicles must be held and not delivered to 
customers, dealer -traded, released to auction, used for demonstration, or any other purpose.  
All GM Certified Pre -Owned  (CPO) vehicles currently in the dealers’ inventory within the SHIFT Digital system will be 
de-certified and must be held and remedied per the service procedure in this bulletin. Upon submitting an accepted/paid 
warranty transaction in the Global Warranty Management (GWM) system, the vehicle can be re -certified for sale within 
the SHIFT Digital system, or once again be used in the Courtesy Transportation Program.  
Dealer Reports  – For USA & Export  
The Inventory tab of the Open Vehicle Report will contain Service Update Bulletin VINs that apply to this field action.  
This information is intended to assist dealers with the  PROMPT COMPLETION  of these vehicles.  The Customer In -
Service tab will not contain Service Update Bulletin VIN data because the i ntent of a Service Update Bulletin is to not 
inconvenience a customer with a special trip for service.  Service Update Bulletins are to be completed when the 
customer is in for a regularly scheduled visit.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
GM bulletins are intended for use by professional technicians, NOT a " do-it-yourselfer ".  They are written to inform these technicians of 
conditions that may occur on some vehicles, or to provide information that could assist in the proper service of a vehic le.  Properly trained 
technicians have the tools, equipment, safety instructions, and know -how to do a job properly and safely.  If a condition is described, DO NOT  
assume that the bulletin applies to your vehicle, or that your vehicle will have that condi tion.  See your dealer for information on whether your 
vehicle may benefit from the information.    
 We Support 
Voluntary Technician 
Certification  
 
