Copyright 2025 General Motors. All Rights Reserved.Bulletin No.: 22-NA-074
Service BulletinDate: January, 2025
INFORMATION
Information on Gasoline Engine Replacement Guidelines after Connecting Rod
or Crankshaft Main Bearing Damage – Replace Oil Cooler, Oil Cooler Lines, Oil
Tank and Turbocharger
Brand: Model: Model Year: VIN: Engine: Transmission
:from to from to
AllGM Passenger Cars
and Trucks2000 2025 — —Gasoline Engines
Only—
Involved Region or CountryNorth America, Europe, Uzbekistan, Middle East, Iraq, Israel, Palestine, Argentina, Brazil,
Bolivia, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador, Paraguay, Peru, Uruguay, Venezuela, Japan, Cadillac
Korea (South Korea), GM Korea Company, China, Taiwan, Thailand, Singapore,
Philippines, Australia/New Zealand, Egypt, Other Africa, South Africa
InformationThe purpose of this bulletin is to inform service personnel that any time an engine
assembly is replaced due to a connecting rod or crankshaft main bearing failure, it is
necessary to also replace the oil cooler, oil cooler lines, oil tank and turbocharger if
equipped .
Important: On some vehicles, the oil cooler is part of the radiator assembly. If the oil
cooler on the vehicle is part of the radiator, it must be replaced along with the other re-
quired components.
If an engine experiences an engine failure due to a damaged rod or main bearing the
debris from the bearing is sent directly through the oil galleries and components that
are in the lubrication circuit.
These oil passages and components are very difficult to ensure they are completely
clean. If one of the failed components that carries oil is not clean and installed on a new
engine there is the possibility that the debris could transfer to the new engine causing
damage.
Oil cooler, oil cooler line, oil tank and turbocharger replacement is required due to the
complex oil gallery passages, making thorough and complete component cleaning
difficult and guarantee you completely removed all the debris. Reinstallation of an oil
cooler and/or cooler line that was removed from an engine with a bearing failure debris
may result in the transfer of any remaining debris into the new Genuine GM Part service
engine. This could cause damage or potential failure of the new Genuine GM Part service
engine long block.
Below are pictures of connecting rod or crankshaft main bearing failures that would
warrant an engine replacement along with the oil cooler, oil cooler lines, oil tank and
turbocharger if equipped.
Note: Some service engines come with the oil cooler and/or oil cooler line(s) already
attached to the new service engine. In this case, replacement of those components is not
necessary.
Note: Not every engine that has bearing damage requires an oil cooler, oil cooler line, oil
tank replacement or even the engine to be replaced. Please refer to Service Bulletin #
18-NA-073: Repair Guidelines for Engine Component Wear for additional information.Subject:
Important: Service agents must comply with all International, Federal, State, Provincial, and/or Local laws
applicable to the activities it performs under this bulletin, including but not limited to handling, deploying,
preparing, classifying, packaging, marking, labeling, and shipping dangerous goods. In the event of a
conflict between the procedures set forth in this bulletin and the laws that apply to your dealership, you
must follow those applicable laws.
Below are examples of connecting rod or crankshaft main bearing damage that would require an engine assembly
replacement along with the oil cooler, oil cooler lines, oil tank and turbocharger if equipped.
Page 2 January, 2025 Bulletin No.: 22-NA-074
GM bulletins are intended for use by professional technicians, NOT a "do-it-yourselfer" . They are written to inform these
technicians of conditions that may occur on some vehicles, or to provide information that could assist in the proper
service of a vehicle. Properly trained technicians have the equipment, tools, safety instructions, and know-how to do a job
properly and safely. If a condition is described, DO NOT assume that the bulletin applies to your vehicle, or that your
vehicle will have that condition. See your GM dealer for information on whether your vehicle may beneﬁt from the
information.
WE SUPPORT VOLUNTARY
TECHNICIAN
CERTIFICATION
6020407
6020408
Version 5
ModifiedReleased March 31, 2022
Revised November 09, 2022 – Added 2023 Model Year.
Revised May 19, 2023 – Added Turbocharger replacement information to the Information
section and added the Important statement.
Revised February 22, 2024 – Added 2024 Model Year and Important statement to
Information section.
Revised January 30, 2025 – Added 2025 Model Year.
 