 
 
This document does not authorize warranty repairs.   This communication documents a record of past experiences.   STAR Center 
Online does not provide any conclusions about what is wrong with the vehicle.  Rather, it captures all previous cases known that appear 
to be similar or related to the vehicle symptom / condition.   You are the expert, and you are responsible for deciding on the appropriate 
course of action.  
 
Chrysler Group LLC           Contact the STAR Center for assistance if no solution is found   Version 5/23/13   
Case Number : S250800000 8   REV. A  
 
Release Date:  February  2025 
 
Symptom/Vehicle Issue:  Battery Drained, Ignition Off Draw  (IOD) , Cluster Display  Goes Off and 
On, and/or Door Lock Indicator  Lamps Stay Illuminated  
 
Customer Complaint/ Technician Observ ation: The customer complains the vehicles 
battery is dead and vehicle will not start. The owner and technician may have observed the cluster 
staying awake after leaving the vehicle, keeping the BUS active , in some cases clicking noises can 
be heard from the rear of the vehicle .  
 
Repair Procedure:  Do not replace the RFH  (radio frequency  hub) or BCM  (body control  module ) 
physical parts. Vehicles with LNR sales code (Proximity Approach Lighting) can be tested by 
disabl ing the feature in the radio  settings menu  – if no battery drain once off, await the RFHUB 
software update .  
If the drain continues , disable the Rear Seat Reminder feature in the radio  settings menu  if no 
drain, leave off until a BCM software update is available.   
If there is still a drain with the above off, use the wiT ECH  to access the BCM configuration 
folder. View the  Lock  indicator Timeout, the seconds displayed should be 90 seconds. If the seconds 
displayed are higher , the vehicle will require the service tool procedure to perform the restore vehicle 
configuration. Once the vehicle restoration has completed , the reading should be reviewed one more 
time and displaying 90 seconds , thus confirming the update has changed the setting.   
 For vehicles that continue with a battery drain after completing the above,  further diagnosis for   
other Ignition Off Draw ( IOD) issues will be required.  Once complete, c heck for low battery conditions 
and recharge the battery as needed before returning the vehicle to customer.  
 
 
DO NOT REPLACE  PARTS BCM or RFHUB FOR THE  ABOVE ISSUES , THE CONDITIONS WILL NOT 
CHANGE WITHOUT THE REQUIRED UPDATES:  
BCM: 68608712A E , 68608382AC/AD  
RFHUB: 68679896AA  , 68663465AC  
