   
  VOLKSWAGEN DEALER COMMUNICATION    
      
Ensure all dealer personnel are aware of this notice so they are able to address customer questions. Contact Warranty if you require additional 
assistance. Direct press inquiries to Volkswagen Public Relations.  
 
Volkswagen Customer Protection                                                                                                                                   24LW _DLR_LAUNCH  
  
Repair Available – Emissions Service Action 24LW  / Engine Control Module (ECM) Software 
This notice is for:  All Dealer Personnel  
Date:  February 12, 2025  
About this Service 
Action : Volkswagen is providing a software update to the Engine Control Module (ECM) that will 
improve diagnostic accuracy of the vehicle emissions monitoring systems. This software 
update has no direct impact on vehicle tailpipe emissions.  
Repair:  • REPAIR AVAILABLE – February 13, 2025   
• See ELSA and Service References  in Elsa2Go for complete repair & 
claiming instructions   
• Check both the daily Campaign Open Inventory report and OMD for affected 
vehicles in inventory . Verify OPEN status in ELSA on the day of repair . 
• Repair  every affected inventory vehicle before delivery to consumers .      
Parts Department : Software update only; no parts needed.  
Affected Vehicles Country  Beginning 
Model Year  Ending 
Model Year  Vehicle  Vehicle 
Count  
USA 2025  2025  TAOS  46 
CAN  2025  2025  TAOS  1 
*Counts reflect overall population ; some vehicles may have already been repaired . Check Campaigns/Actions 
screen in Elsa on the day of repair  to verify that a VIN qualifies for repair under this action.  Elsa is the only valid 
campaign inquiry & verification source.  
Notes:  
  • Schedule owner repairs immediately  
• Owner mailing – February 2025 
• Loaner/rental coverage – see campaign circular
  
Requirements for Emissions Campaigns Having Customer Notification (CALIFORNIA ONLY )  
The California Air Resources Board and the Department of Motor Vehicles (DMV) require emissions -
related campaigns to be completed prior to vehicle registration renewal.  When campaign work is done 
you must provide the owner with a signed “Vehicle Emission Recall – Proof of Correction” 
certificate (RC EMISCAVWAU).  Certificates can be ordered at no cost online via the Compliance Label 
Ordering portal.  
    
 
 
-END OF MESSAGE - 