Involved Region or
CountryNorth America
ConditionVehicle ma y roll when placed into park and the parking brak e is
not set or a ratcheting noise is heard from the transmission
when selecting park.
CauseThis condition ma y be caused by the transmission having been
placed into park at speed or prior to completing a complete
stop, Damaging the P ark System.
Bulletin No.: PIP6030A
Published date: 02/25/2025
Preliminary Information
PIP6030A Diagnostic Aid: Alleged Vehicle May Roll In Park and/or
Noise Heard From The Transmission When Placed Into Park
Models
Brand: Model: Model Y ears:VIN:Engine: Transmissions:from to
Buick Encor e GX 2022 - 2025 All AllAll MRG
Chevr oletMalibu 2022 - 2025 All AllAll MRG
Chevr oletTrailblazer 2022 - 2025 All AllAll MRG
 
 
 
Correction:  
Some Customers ma y comment of the vehicle not holding in park when the parking brak e
is not set.
This ma y be accompanied by a ratcheting noise from the transmission.
Note: The Ratcheting noise ma y be heard with or without a loss of park.
Previously T ransmissions with P ark system Damage were serviced by replacement of the
unit.
Now with the release of the lifting tool GM-52317 the park components can now be
serviced individually .
If this concern is encountered please perform the following :
1. Verify the customer concern or no park or noise when placing into park. 
2. Following Service Information suitably raise and support the vehicle. 
3. Drain the transmission.
4. Following the appropriate Service Information procedure remove the transmission
from the vehicle. 
5. Once the transmission is removed disassemble and inspect the transmission park
components.  
Note: Please review the Pictures below for Damage to the parking system
Components.
Note: Mak e Sure to closely inspect this area above for damage prior to removing the
transmission. In Severe cases the parking pawl can puncture the case when trying to
engage at high speed. 

Note: The Parking P awl retaining bolt ma y be loose from repeated shifting while the
vehicle is in Motion.
Note: A Bent P ark P awl Actuator can usually be identiﬁed by a compressed spring the
Plunger should be easily compressed against the spring.
 
Version 2
Modiﬁed12/10/2024 - Created on.  
02/24/2025 Updated to include 2025 Model year 
Note: The damage seen above is caused by trying to place the transmission in park at high
speed These marks are not detrimental to the function of the component and will be used
as is if other components. need replacement 
If Damage is found replace the components as needed   
Note: Thoroughly inspect the P ark P awl Actuator Rod, P arking P awl, Park P awl Actuator
Guide, Bolt and Spring 
Version History
 
 
GM Global Brands
© 2025 General Motors. All Rights R eserved.