 
  
   
 
This document does not authorize warranty repairs.   This communication documents a record of past experiences.   STAR Online  
does not provide any conclusions about what is wrong with the vehicle.  Rather, it captures all previous cases known that appear  
to be similar or related to the vehicle symptom / condition.   You are the expert, and you are responsible for deciding on the  
appropriate course of action.  
 
Contact STAR Center, or your Technical Assistance Center Via TechConnect,  eCONTACT or Service Library  
entry if no solution is found .  
 
Stellantis  US LLC                                           Version 4.5 07/22/2022 
 
Case Number:   S2223000069  Rev. B 
 
 
Release Date:   February 202 5 
 
 
Symptom/Vehicle Issue : Rattle Noise From The Headliner  Roof Area.  
 
 
Customer Complaint/T echnician Observation:  Technician may find the plastic 
reinforcement on the top side of the headliner may have become detached causing 
noise when operating the vehicle.   
 
 
Sunroof reinforcement ring loose from headliner  

 
  
   
 
This document does not authorize warranty repairs.   This communication documents a record of past experiences.   STAR Online  
does not provide any conclusions about what is wrong with the vehicle.  Rather, it captures all previous cases known that appear  
to be similar or related to the vehicle symptom / condition.   You are the expert, and you are responsible for deciding on the  
appropriate course of action.  
 
Contact STAR Center, or your Technical Assistance Center Via TechConnect,  eCONTACT or Service Library  
entry if no solution is found .  
 
Stellantis  US LLC                                           Version 4.5 07/22/2022 
Discussion : If separation is found , the headliner and reinforcement can be bonded 
using adhesive specified below.  
 
Parts Required:  
 
Adhesive Cartridge: LORD 7545A/B LP -200 1:1, P/N 3023630  
Adhesive Glue Mixing Tip: (12 pack), P/N 3004657  
Adhesive Dispense Gun  (manual gun) : LP-200, P/N 3004273  
Masking Tape: Scotch Blue painters’  tape or equivalent.  
Hand Squeeze Clamps (2 -3 clamps)  
Protective blocks: Thick cardboard or plastic to protect the headliner from the clamp 
feet. 
 
Repair Procedure: Lower the headliner to allow enough room to access the area with 
the dispensing gun. Protect the headliner surface sufficiently with painter’s tape .  
Follow the instructions on the adhesive for application and cure time. Cut the mixing tip 
2 lines back from the tip. Carefully separate the retaining ring from the headliner 
enough to inject the adhesive into the joint.  Leave clamped for minimum 60 minutes. 
Reassemble vehicle and test drive to confirm repair.  
 
 
 
