Copyright 2025 General Motors. All Rights Reserved.Bulletin No.: 25-NA-003
Service BulletinDate: January, 2025
TECHNICAL
Rattle Type Noise Heard from Brake Pedal Area
 
Brand: Model: Model Year: VIN Breakpoint: Engine: Transmission:
from to from to
GMCHUMMER EV
20242025
— — — —
HUMMER EV SUV 2024
 
Involved Region or Country North America, Mexico, Middle East, Israel
Condition Some customers may comment on a rattle type noise heard from the brake pedal area.
Cause
6805453
This condition may be caused by excess body seam sealer was found extending under
the brake pedal housing near the sky bolt (single bolt on top of the housing), as shown in
the picture above.
Correction Trim back the excess body seam sealer following the procedure below.Subject:
 
Service Procedure
Important: This technical service bulletin (TSB) can only be completed by certified repair facilities who have met all
specific training, tool and equipment requirements pertaining to the vehicle Brand and Model serviced. Repairs must
be performed by a technician who has successfully completed the required training.
Important: Service agents must comply with all International, Federal, State, Provincial, and/or Local laws
applicable to the activities it performs under this bulletin, including but not limited to handling, deploying,
Page 2 January, 2025 Bulletin No.: 25-NA-003
GM bulletins are intended for use by professional technicians, NOT a "do-it-yourselfer" . They are written to inform these
technicians of conditions that may occur on some vehicles, or to provide information that could assist in the proper
service of a vehicle. Properly trained technicians have the equipment, tools, safety instructions, and know-how to do a job
properly and safely. If a condition is described, DO NOT assume that the bulletin applies to your vehicle, or that your
vehicle will have that condition. See your GM dealer for information on whether your vehicle may beneﬁt from the
information.
WE SUPPORT VOLUNTARY
TECHNICIAN
CERTIFICATIONpreparing, classifying, packaging, marking, labeling, and shipping dangerous goods. In the event of a
conflict between the procedures set forth in this bulletin and the laws that apply to your dealership, you
must follow those applicable laws.
1. Verify brake pedal does rattle and/or produces a noise
2. Remove the brake pedal assembly. Refer to Brake Pedal Assembly Replacement  in SI.
3. Locate the excess body seam sealer.
6805499
4. Remove the section of sealer that is making contact to the brake pedal, as shown in the picture above, using an
appropriate scraping tool.
 
Warranty Information
For vehicles repaired under the Bumper-to-Bumper coverage (Canada Base Warranty coverage), use the following
labor operation. Reference the Applicable Warranties section of Investigate Vehicle History (IVH) for coverage infor-
mation.
Labor Operation Description Labor Time
2486388* Trim Excess Body Seam Sealer 1.3 Hrs.
*This is a unique Labor Operation for Bulletin use only.
 
Version 2
Modified Released January 10, 2025
Revised January 29, 2025 - Added 2024 HUMMER EV and HUMMER EV SUV.