Bulletin No.: PIC6447B
Published date: 02/7/2025
Preliminary Information
PIC6447B Water Leak - Passenger Side Carpeting May Be Wet When
Using the Air Conditioning
Models
Brand: Model: Model Y ears:VIN:Engine: Transmissions:from to
Chevr oletCorvette 2020 - 2024 All AllAll All
Involved
Region or
CountryNorth America and Export Regions
ConditionSome customers ma y comment that the passenger side carpeting ma y be
damp or wet after using the air conditioning for some time.  
CauseThis issue ma y be the result of water leaking from the HV AC case into the
passenger compartment, on the passenger side of the vehicle.  
Correction:  
If the passenger side carpeting is found to be wet after the air conditioning has been used,
the cause of this ma y actually be one of two diﬀerent scenarios, both explained below .  It
is imperative that BOTH conditions are examined when a car comes in for this concern.  If a
vehicle exhibits both issues but the servicing technician only addresses one of them,
assuming that the vehicle has been fully repaired, he ma y have a comeback shortly
thereafter with the same complaint, even though the leak ma y be coming from a separate
area.  
Condition #1 - The AC drain tube on this vehicle is located on the RH side of the center
console.  It is located behind the carpeting that runs vertically up the side of the center
console assembly .  The possibility exists that the AC evaporator drain tube ma y be
partially or fully disconnected from the body panel.  Refer to Service Update #
N212327740  for further information on this condition.  
Condition #2 - As previously mentioned, even if an issue was found with Condition #1, all
service technicians should also inspect / water test the vehicle for BOTH conditions listed
in this document.  Another leak point that has been identiﬁed on this vehicle is a seam
between two body panels that is located just fore and several inches below where the AC
drain tube exits the vehicle.  This area can be seen in the photo below . 

A gap in the seam sealer along this location ma y also allow water from the AC drain system
to leak back inside the vehicle.  T o correctly repair this leak, a two-step approach is tak en. 
First, the technician must seal the seam between the two body panels INSIDE the vehicle
with seam sealer , available from any local body shop.  Once that has been done,
technicians are to seal the OUTSIDE of the vehicle to prevent water from getting to this
area in the ﬁrst place.  T o begin, ﬁrst lift the car and remove the Floor P anel T unnel P anel
Front Reinforcement (currently found on SI document ID 5358807.)  This is the long,
narrow panel that covers the area historically referred to as the "transmission tunnel." 
This will allow access to the "outside" of the panels where the water is leaking in at. 
Once this panel has been removed, stand in the middle of the vehicle facing the front of
the car .  If you look upwards and to the right, you will see the AC drain tube exiting the
center console area of the vehicle.  Just below this AC drain tube, the technician is to
inspect for the presence of a black mastic patch that is covering the seam between these
two body panels.  This patch can be seen in the computer image seen below . 
The patch ma y or ma y not be present on the particular vehicle that is being serviced.  It
was not added at the assembly plant until later built vehicles.  If the patch is not present,
obtain a large piece of mastic from the parts department and apply it to the body so that
this seam area is completely covered.  Use the image above as a guide for size and
placement.  Be sure to wet out the patch correctly , using a roller , or a large sock et.  This
will ensure that the adhesive is completely sealed to the body panels and no water ma y
enter the vehicle in this location.  If there already is a black mastic patch present in this
location, it should be removed and replaced with a new one.  Install the new patch
following the same directions as listed above.  This two-step repair will provide assurance
that no further water leaks will occur in this area again.  
Warranty Information
The correction for this concern ma y be one of several repairs described above.
 For vehicles repaired under warranty , please use the appropriate warranty
labor operation based on the actual cause and repair .
 
Version History
Version 3
Modiﬁed10/12/2021 - Created on.  
7/15/2022 - Updated to add model year 2023.  
02/07/2025 - Updated to add model year 2024
GM Global Brands
© 2025 General Motors. All Rights R eserved.