Bulletin No.: PIC4793C
Published date: 02/7/2025
Preliminary Information
PIC4793C Power Convertible Roof Seems Lazy or Needs Assistance
to Operate
Models
Brand: Model: Model Y ears:VIN:Engine: Transmissions:from to
Chevr oletCorvette 2005 - 2013 All AllAll All
Supersession Statement
This PI was superseded to update model years. Please discar d all copies of PIC4793B.
The following diagnosis might be helpful if the vehicle e xhibits the symptom(s) described
in this PI.
Condition / Concern
Some customers ma y comment that their power folding top appears to be lazy , or sticks at
times while it is in motion.  If manual assistance is given to the roof , it will open normally . 
This ma y be the result of an internal hydraulic cylinder leak.  The most common cylinder
with this concern is referred to as the main pivot cylinder(s).  These cylinders are located
near the "B" pillar of the vehicle.  
Note: This concern can only occur on vehicles with a power folding roof with RPO CM7.
Recommendations / Instructions
To test for this issue, operate the power folding roof until it sticks or becomes lazy .  Once
in this position, release the power folding top switch.  W ait approximately  7 minutes, and
then manually attempt to move the roof bows as if you were opening and closing the roof
without power .  The number one and number ﬁve bows should come up and to the center
position after having waited for the system to time out.  The roof should NOT fold into the
open tonneau, however .  If a main pivot cylinder is leaking, the roof will move into the
tonneau area manually , but it will have some resistance due to the hydraulic ﬂuid that is
being forced back within the system.  If the roof moves manually , locate the internal
leaking cylinder (left or right main pivot cylinder) and replace as necessary .  This can also
be tested as follows: Remove a cylinder from its mechanical attachment points, but leave
the hydraulic lines attached. Grab onto the rod, and attempt to move the cylinder .  If the
piston can be pushed in and/or pulled out, it is lik ely leaking internally .  The piston of a
known good cylinder will not move under this type of test.  
Note: A good main pivot cylinder will NOT relieve pressure at any time, even after the rest
of the system "times out".  The only wa y to relieve pressure in a main pivot cylinder is to
manually open the relief valve on the pump/motor assembly .
Please follow this diagnostic or r epair pr ocess thor oughly and complete each step. If the
condition e xhibited is r esolved without completing every step, the r emaining steps do not
need to be perfor med.
GM Global Brands
© 2025 General Motors. All Rights R eserved.