 
  
   
 
This document does not authorize warranty repairs.   This communication documents a record of past experiences.   STAR Online  
does not provide any conclusions about what is wrong with the vehicle.  Rather, it captures all previous cases known that appear  
to be similar or related to the vehicle symptom / condition.   You are the expert, and you are responsible for deciding on the  
appropriate course of action.  
 
Contact STAR Center, or your Technical Assistance Center Via TechConnect,  eCONTACT or Service Library  
entry if no solution is found .  
 
Stellantis  US LLC                                           Version 4.5 07/22/2022 
 
Case Number:   S2523000012  
 
 
Release Date:   February 2025  
 
 
Symptom/Vehicle Issue : Wagoneer S D-Pillar Badge / Emblem  Peeling.  
 
 
Customer Complaint/T echnician Observation:  Badge  on the ve hicle’s D-Pillar is 
peeling .  
 
 
Discussion : If the badge  has peeling it will require replacement. S ee the steps below.  
 
 
 

 
  
   
 
This document does not authorize warranty repairs.   This communication documents a record of past experiences.   STAR Online  
does not provide any conclusions about what is wrong with the vehicle.  Rather, it captures all previous cases known that appear  
to be similar or related to the vehicle symptom / condition.   You are the expert, and you are responsible for deciding on the  
appropriate course of action.  
 
Contact STAR Center, or your Technical Assistance Center Via TechConnect,  eCONTACT or Service Library  
entry if no solution is found .  
 
Stellantis  US LLC                                           Version 4.5 07/22/2022 
Tools Required:  
 
Electric Heat Gun 
Fiber Trim Stick(s) 
Flashlight  
Isopropyl alcoh ol 
3M General Purpose Adhesive Cleaner 08984  
 
Repair:  
 
1. Heat the entire surface of the  badge with the electric heat gun  to soften the 
adhesive. Carefully apply heat and avoid holding the heat gun in one spot. 
Evenly spread the heat to slowly warm the emblem .  
2. Starting at one end , slowly peel the emblem from the p ainted body surface using 
the fiber trim stick. Alter nativ e would be dental floss or monofilament  fishing line. 
Apply additional heat as required to facilitate remo val.  
3. After the emblem is removed, wipe the area with isopropyl alcohol . If there is 
adhesive remaining, use 3M General Purpose Adhesive Cleaner 08984 .  
4. For badge re -installation  the badge and surface area m ust be minimum of 7 0°F 
(21°C) and maximum 95° F (35°C).  
5. Prior to badge application , as a guide  use masking tape to create centering lines 
to aid in leveling and centering the emblem  prior to removing the adhesive 
protective release liner.   
6. Remove the adhesive liner and carefully place the badge.  
7. Once placed, use hand pressure or a roller to engage the adhesive.  
8. Using a flash light, visually inspect the perimeter of the badge to ensure  adhesive 
bond . 