 
M254 Red cooling system malfunction - Engine Overheated
Topic number LI20.10-P-078510
Version 2
Function group 20.10 - Coolant pump, coolant thermostat
Date 2/5/25
Validity Passenger car with M254 engine
Reason for change Coolant pump designation modified
Complaint
Red cooling system malfunction warning due to overheat. Low engine performance. Check engine light on.
Fault codes may be stored:
P21814B The cooling system has a malfunction. There is a fault due to overtemperature.
P2B8500 The rpm of the coolant pump is too low.
Cause
Various
Remedy
Check for loose plug at electrical connectors of high temp coolant pump (M43/10 or M75/11) by gently pulling on con-
nector housings.
Create a TIPS case and submit to powertrain team inbox if a loose plug is found at the coolant pump.
Include:
-Initial quick test
-Details on any damage found to engine or cooling system. Include photos if applicable.
-Any other relevant details.
Disclaimer
NOTE: The information contained in this document is intended for use by trained, professional technicians with the
knowledge to properly and safely perform diagnosis and repairs on Mercedes-Benz vehicles, using Mercedes-Benz
approved tools and equipment. It informs service technicians about conditions that could occur in certain vehicles and
provides information that could assist in proper vehicle diagnosis, service, or repair. It does not indicate that a defect
is present in any vehicle referenced in this document nor does it imply warranty coverage. DO NOT assume that a
symptom or condition, or a described cause of a symptom or condition, affects any particular vehicle or groups of ve-
06.02.2025   16:52   CCUSHWA
© Copyright Mercedes-Benz AG   Page  1 / 2
 
hicles, or that a described repair applies to any particular vehicle or groups of vehicles. There can be multiple causes
resulting in the same or similar symptoms or conditions described in this document, and trained professional service
technicians must use their diagnostic skills to make evaluations on a case-by-case basis. The information contained
in this document does not guarantee warranty coverage nor does it extend the vehicle’s warranty in any way.
Symptoms
Power generation  > Engine cooling system  > Function  > Has a high coolant temperature
Power generation  > Engine management  > Engine running  > Runs rough/shakes
Power generation  > Engine cooling system  > Indicator lamp  > Illuminates red
Power generation  > Engine management  > Indicator lamp  > Engine diagnosis  > lit
Power generation  > Engine management  > Engine performance  > No/poor output
Operation numbers/damage codes
Op. no. Operation text Time Damage
codeNote
06.02.2025   16:52   CCUSHWA
© Copyright Mercedes-Benz AG   Page  2 / 2