Copyright 2025 General Motors. All Rights Reserved.Bulletin No.: 16-NA-109
Service BulletinDate: February, 2025
TECHNICAL
Grease or Sealant Visible on Electronic Power Steering Gear - Should Not Be
Interpreted as Leak
Brand: Model: Model Year: VIN: Engine: Transmission:
from to from to
BrightDrop
All
Passenger
Cars and
Light/Medium
Duty Trucks2009 2026 — — All AllBuick
Cadillac
Chevrolet
GMCSubject:
Important: This technical service bulletin (TSB) can only be completed by BrightDrop dealers or BrightDrop certified
repair facilities who have met all BrightDrop specific training, tool, and equipment requirements. Repairs must be
performed by a technician who has successfully completed the required training.
Involved Region or CountryNorth America, Europe, Uzbekistan, Russia, Middle East, Iraq, Israel, Palestine,
Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador, Paraguay, Peru, Uruguay, Venezuela,
Japan, Cadillac Korea (South Korea), GM Korea Company, Taiwan, Thailand, Singapore,
Philippines, Australia/New Zealand, Egypt, Africa, South Africa
ConditionSome customers or technicians may comment on seeing grease or sealant on certain
locations of the steering gear.
CauseDuring the manufacturing process, sufficient grease is used for lubrication and sealing of
components of the steering gear. Also, sealant is added to areas of the steering gear to
keep water and environmental contaminants from getting into the steering gear.
Examples of Seepage
The graphics below are photo examples, which include arrows showing some of the common areas where grease
may be evident after the vehicle has been driven for a length of time.
Page 2 February, 2025 Bulletin No.: 16-NA-109
4483616
4483617
Bulletin No.: 16-NA-109 February, 2025 Page 3
4483618
4483619
Correction
Important: Service agents must comply with all International, Federal, State, Provincial, and/or Local laws
applicable to the activities it performs under this bulletin, including but not limited to handling, deploying,
preparing, classifying, packaging, marking, labeling, and shipping dangerous goods. In the event of a
conflict between the procedures set forth in this bulletin and the laws that apply to your dealership, you
must follow those applicable laws.
Note: Electric power steering systems do not have fluid inside of them.
If oil is observed dripping off of them, look above or around the site for an oil leak.
If upon inspection, the steering gear assembly clamps, boots, and fasteners are all in place, the visual evidence of
grease/sealant on the exterior of the steering gear is considered normal and no correction is necessary. If excess
grease is noted, it should be wiped off the exterior of the gear, however, sealant should be left in place as a barrier to
water and contamination, and no cleaning is required.
Page 4 February, 2025 Bulletin No.: 16-NA-109
GM bulletins are intended for use by professional technicians, NOT a "do-it-yourselfer" . They are written to inform these
technicians of conditions that may occur on some vehicles, or to provide information that could assist in the proper
service of a vehicle. Properly trained technicians have the equipment, tools, safety instructions, and know-how to do a job
properly and safely. If a condition is described, DO NOT assume that the bulletin applies to your vehicle, or that your
vehicle will have that condition. See your GM dealer for information on whether your vehicle may beneﬁt from the
information.
WE SUPPORT VOLUNTARY
TECHNICIAN
CERTIFICATIONWarranty Information
For vehicles repaired under the Bumper-to-Bumper coverage (Canada Base Warranty coverage), use the following
labor operation. Reference the Applicable Warranties section of Investigate Vehicle History (IVH) for coverage infor-
mation.
Labor
OperationDescription Labor Time
7480278* Inspecting for Excess
Grease or Sealant on the
Exterior of the Steering
Gear0.2 hr
*This is a unique Labor Operation for bulletin use only.
Customer Information
Please communicate to the customer that this is a normal condition of their vehicle. Please share this information
with the customer, including a copy of this bulletin.
Version 7
ModifiedRevised February 07, 2017 – Added Involved Region or Country and Warranty
Information.
Revised March 13, 2017 – Added the 2018 Model Year.
Revised August 05, 2019 – Added the 2019-2020 Model Years and a warranty statement.
Revised March 08, 2021 – Added the 2021 Model Year and updated the Involved Region
or Country section.
Revised June 01, 2022 – Added BrightDrop vehicles, the 2022–2023 Model Years and
Important statements under the Models table and Correction.
Revised February 17, 2025 – Added the 2024-2026 Model Years.