GENERAL MOTORS  
DCS 7163  
URGENT - DISTRIBUTE IMMEDIATELY  
 
Date:  March 3 , 2025 
  
Subject:  N242478850  - Service Update  
 Active Noise Cancelling System Malfunction  
  
Models:  2025 Chevrolet Equinox  
   
  
General Motors is releasing  Service Update N242478850  today.    
What Should Dealers Do:  Dealers should review IVH or the Dealer Maxis reports 
for open VINs in their inventory.   Dealers can view the attached bulletin and it 
will also be displayed in Service Information tomorrow.    
A Stock VIN list is not included as our records show there are no vehicles in 
dealer new inventory.  
 
 
END OF MESSAGE  
Service Update  
N242478850 Active Noise Cancelling System Malfunction   
 
 Page 1 of 4 
 
Release Date : March  2025 Revision : 00 
Attention:  This service update include s vehicles in dealer inventory and customer vehicles that return to the 
dealership for any reason. This bulletin will expire at the end of the involved vehicle’s New Vehicle Limited 
Warranty period.  
 
Make  Model  Model Year  
From  To 
Chevrolet  Equinox  2025  2025  
Investigate Vehicle History (IVH) in the GM Global Warranty Management system should always be checked to confirm 
vehicle involvement prior to beginning any required inspections and/or repairs .   
Condition  Certain vehicles listed above  may have a condition in which  the active noise cancelling system may 
malfunction.  
Correction  Dealers will reprogram the radio control module.  
Parts  
No parts are required for this repair.  
Warranty Information  
Labor 
Operation  Description  Labor 
Time  Trans. 
Type  Net 
Item 
9107769 * Verified Module Software or Calibration Level: Module Is 
Programmed with Same Level Software or Calibration  0.2 
ZFAT  N/A 
9107770 * A11 Radio  Control Module Reprogramming with SPS  
Add: USB File Transfer for RPO IVD/IVE  
Add: USB File Transfer for non RPO IVD/IVE  0.3 
1.0 
0.5 
Please Note:  The above labor time(s) are published direct from the Labor Time Guide.  
Important : * To avoid warranty transaction rejections, carefully read and follow the instructions below:  
 
 6125814  
• The Warranty Claim Code from the programming event must be accurately entered in the “Warranty Claim 
Code” field of the transaction.  
• When more than one Warranty Claim Code is generated for a programming event, it is required to document all 
Warranty Claim Codes in the “Correction” field on the job card.   Dealers must also enter one of the codes in the 
“Warranty Claim Code ” field of the transaction, otherwise the transaction will reject.   It is best practice to enter 
the FINAL code provided by SPS2.  
 
 
 
 
 

Service Update  
N242478850 Active Noise Cancelling System Malfunction   
 
  Page 2 of 4 
  
Warranty Claim Code Information Retrieval  
6125774  
If the Warranty Claim Code was not recorded on the Job Card, the code can be retrieved in the SPS 2 system as 
follows:  
1. Open TLC on the computer used to program the vehicle.  
2. Select and start SPS2.  
3. Select Settings  (1). 
4. Select the Warranty Claim Code tab  (2). 
The VIN, Warranty Claim Code and Date/Time will be listed on a roster of recent programming events.   If the code is 
retrievable, dealers should resubmit the transaction making sure to include the code in the SPS Warranty Claim Code 
field.  
Service Procedure  
Caution:  Before downloading the update files, be sure the computer is connected to the internet through a network cable 
(hardwired). DO NOT DOWNLOAD or install the files wirelessly. If there is an interruption during programming, 
programming failure or control mod ule damage may occur.  
Note:  Carefully read and follow the instructions below.  
• Ensure the programming tool is equipped with the latest software and is securely connected to the data link connector. 
If there is an interruption during programming, programming failure or control module damage may occur.  
• Stable battery voltage is critical during programming. Any fluctuation, spiking, over voltage or loss of voltage will 
interrupt programming. Install a GM Authorized Programming Support Tool to maintain system voltage.   Refer to 
www.gmdesolutions.com  for further information.    If not available, connect a fully charged 12 V jumper or booster 
pack disconnected from the AC voltage supply. DO NOT connect a battery charger.  
• Follow the on -screen prompts regarding ignition power mode, but ensure that anything that drains excessive power 
(exterior lights, HVAC blower motor, etc) is off.  
• Please verify that the radio time and date are set correctly before inserting USB drive into vehicle for programming, 
otherwise an error will result.  
• Clear DTCs after programming is complete. Clearing powertrain DTCs will set the Inspection/Maintenance (I/M) 
system status indicators to NO.  
Important:  The service technician always needs to verify that the VIN displayed in the TLC left side drop down menu and 
the top center window match the VIN plate of the vehicle to be programmed prior to using Service Programming System 
2 (SPS2) for programming or re programming a module.  

Service Update  
N242478850 Active Noise Cancelling System Malfunction   
 
  Page 3 of 4 
  
• For the TLC application, service technicians need to always ensure that the power mode (ignition) is “ON” before 
reading the VIN from the vehicle’s VIN master module and that they do not select a VIN that is already in the TLC 
application memory from a pre vious vehicle.  
• If the VIN that shows up in the TLC top center window after correctly reading the VIN from the vehicle does not match 
the VIN plate of the vehicle, manually type in the VIN characters from the vehicle VIN plate into the TLC top center 
window and use these for programming or reprogramming the subject module with the correct vehicle VIN and 
software and/or calibrations.  
• The Body  Control Module ( BCM) is the  primary  module (for VIP EV vehicles) that TLC reads to determine the VIN of 
the vehicle.  If the VIN read from the vehicle by TLC does not match the VIN plate of the vehicle, the BCM  also needs 
to be reprogrammed with the correct VIN, software and calibrations that match the vehicle’s VIN plate.   
Caution:   Be sure the VIN selected in the drop down menu (1) is the same as the vehicle connected (2) before beginning 
programming.   
5743643  
Important:  If the vehicle VIN DOES NOT match, the message below will be shown.  
 5877000  
5644477  
 
 

Service Update  
N242478850 Active Noise Cancelling System Malfunction   
 
  Page 4 of 4 
  
Important: Techline Connect screens shown above.  
Important:  If the same calibration/software warning is noted on the TLC Summary screen, select OK and follow 
screen instructions. After a successful programming event, the WCC is located in the Service Programming System 
dialogue box of the SPS Summary screen. No fu rther action is required. Refer to the Warranty section of the bulletin.  
1. USB programming MUST be performed FIRST before SPS programming 1 and 2. Errors will result if performed in 
the wrong order . 
2. Reprogram the Radio Control Module (USB and SPS Programming Part 1 and Part 2). Refer  to A11 Radio: 
Programming and Setup in SI.  
5644478  
Note:  The screensho t above is an example of module programming and may not be indicative of the specific module 
that is being programmed. Module selection and VIN information have been blacked out.  
Important:  To avoid warranty transaction rejections, you MUST record the warranty claim code provided on the 
Warranty Claim Code (WCC) screen shown above on the job card. Refer to callout 1 above for the location of the 
WCC on the screen.  
3. Record SPS Warranty Claim Code on job card for warranty transaction submission.  
Dealer Responsibility   
Whenever a vehicle subject to this service update enters your vehicle inventory or is in your facility for service in the 
future, and the vehicle is still covered under the New Vehicle Limited Warranty, you must take the steps necessary to be 
sure the service update correction has been made before selling or releasing the vehicle.  
All new, used, GM Certified Pre -Owned (CPO), courtesy transportation vehicles, dealer shuttle vehicles, CarBravo, etc. 
in dealers' possession and subject to this field action  must be held and inspected/repaired per the service procedure of 
this bulletin before customers take possession of these vehicles. Involved vehicles must be held and not delivered to 
customers, dealer -traded, released to auction, used for demonstration, o r any other purpose.  
 
All GM Certified Pre -Owned (CPO) vehicles currently in the dealers’ inventory within the SHIFT Digital system will be 
de-certified and must be held and remedied per the service procedure in this bulletin. Upon submitting an accepted/paid 
warranty transaction in the Global Warranty Managem ent (GWM) system, the vehicle can be re -certified for sale within 
the SHIFT Digital system, or once again be used in the Courtesy Transportation Program.  
Dealer Reports  – For USA & Export  
The Inventory tab of the Open Vehicle Report will contain Service Update Bulletin VINs that apply to this field action.  
This information is intended to assist dealers with the  PROMPT COMPLETION  of these vehicles.  The Customer In -
Service tab will not contain Service Update Bulletin VIN data because the intent of a Service Update Bulletin is to not 
inconvenience a customer with a special trip for service.  Service Update Bulletins are to be completed when the 
customer is in for a regularly scheduled visit.  
 
GM bulletins are intended for use by professional technicians, NOT a " do-it-yourselfer ".  They are written to inform these technicians of 
conditions that may occur on some vehicles, or to provide information that could assist in the proper service of a vehicle.  Properly tr ained 
technicians have the tools, equipment, safety instructions, and know -how to do a job properly and safely.  If a condition is described, DO NOT  
assume that the bulletin applies to your vehicle, or that your vehicle will have that condition.  See your dealer for informa tion on whether your 
vehicle may benefit from the information.    
 We Support 
Voluntary Technician 
Certification  
 
