Involved Region or
CountryNorth America
ConditionSome customers ma y comment that the vehicle has a low or
reduced engine power under acceleration with no driver
information messages.
Technician ma y ﬁnd DTC's P057B, P057C and/or P057E set as a
history code.
CauseThis issue ma y be caused by an incorrect Brak e Pedal Position
(BPP) sensor input to the ECM.   
If the ECM is reading that the brak e pedal is being applied, when
it is not, can cause this issue to occur .
Bulletin No.: PIT5994A
Published date: 02/27/2025
Preliminary Information
PIT5994A Diagnostic Tip for Reduced or Low Engine Power on
Acceleration
Product Investigation Review Required
Models
Brand: Model: Model Y ears:VIN:Engine: Transmissions:from to
Buick Regal 2012 - 2020 All AllAll All Automatic
Chevr oletCruze 2012 - 2019 All AllAll All Automatic
Chevr oletEquino x2012 - 2025 All AllAll All Automatic
Chevr oletMalibu 2012 - 2025 All AllAll All Automatic
GMC Terrain 2012 - 2025 All AllAll All Automatic
 
 
 
 
 
 
Correction:
To view the BPP data in the ECM, use the scan tool to build the vehicle as follows:
Tech 2 (2013 and older models): Powertrain > Select Engine T ype > Engine Control Module
> Data Displa y > Automatic T ransmission Data  
GDS2 (2014 and newer models): Module Diagnostics > Engine Control Module > Data
Displa y > Automatic Transmission Data
Once the correct data list has been entered, scroll down, and view the parameters listed
below .
Version 2
Modiﬁed03/23/2023 - Created on.  
02/27/2025 - Updated models and model years.These parameters can help determine what value the ECM has learned for the brak e pedal
learned released voltage and what the actual BPP voltage is according to the ECM.  
With the brak e pedal released, the actual "BPP Sensor" voltage should equal, or be very
close to what the "BPP Sensor Learned Released Position" voltage is.    
BPP Sensor (%) = 0% to 100% (should read "0%" with brak e pedal released)  
BPP Sensor (V oltage) = V oltage (typical voltage with pedal released is approximately 1 volt
+/- .3 volt)  
BPP Sensor Learned Released Position = V oltage (should equal the BPP sensor voltage
with pedal released)
When the ECM has learned the BPP sensor learned released position voltage, this voltage
should not change.
The ECM will continuously monitor this voltage for a lower-than-expected value.
If there is a condition with the wiring, a connection issue or internal issue with the BPP
sensor that would cause the ECM to see a lower value, then the ECM will learn the lower
value as the new learned released position.
When the faulted condition is no longer present and the BPP voltage returns to the
previous learned voltage, the ECM will interrupt this as the brak e is applied. BPP apply (%)
will be greater than 0.
If it is suspected that the before mentioned condition exists, turning oﬀ the traction
control or performing an ECM BPP learn will temporarily correct the reduced engine power
concern.
Any condition that can cause a loss of or lower than expected voltage on the 5v reference
to the BPP sensor or signal return circuit to the ECM such as; short to ground, terminal
fretting or an intermittent open in the circuits, will need to be addressed. 
 
Version History
 
 
GM Global Brands
© 2025 General Motors. All Rights R eserved.