Copyright 2025 General Motors. All Rights Reserved.Bulletin No.: 24-NA-102
Service BulletinDate: February, 2025
TECHNICAL
Advanced Park Assist Non-functional
Brand: Model: Model Year: Build Date: Engine: Transmission
:from to from to
ChevroletBlazer EV 2024
2025        Equinox 2025
Equinox EV 2024
Traverse 2025
GMCAcadia 2025
Terrain 2025
Involved Region or Country North America
Additional Options (RPOs) Equipped with RPOs 2RS, UKB (Non-SuperCruise vehicles only)
ConditionSome customers may comment that whenever they press the Advanced Park Assist
button on the infotainment screen, nothing happens.
Cause The cause of the condition may be due to incorrect software on the vehicle.
CorrectionVerify that the Park Assist module has the latest software level. If not, then reprogram the
Park Assist Module for the latest software.
USB programming will not be required, only SPS programming. This will correctly remove
the feature from the display.
Warning: DO NOT  FLASH Software to a previous level it will cause the module to
set DTC U3000.42 which will cause the module to NO LONGER FUNCTION.
Once it is verified, go into settings, and enable the Park Assist feature, please reference
the visuals below.Subject:
Visuals below show what this button icon looks like and where to find it on the Infotainment screen:
Page 2 February, 2025 Bulletin No.: 24-NA-102
6665123
6665124
Bulletin No.: 24-NA-102 February, 2025 Page 3
6665122
Go into the settings and enable the Park Assist feature. Please reference the visuals below:
6840473
Page 4 February, 2025 Bulletin No.: 24-NA-102
6840474
6840475
Bulletin No.: 24-NA-102 February, 2025 Page 5
6840476
Service Procedure
Important: Service agents must comply with all International, Federal, State, Provincial, and/or Local laws
applicable to the activities it performs under this bulletin, including but not limited to handling, deploying,
preparing, classifying, packaging, marking, labeling, and shipping dangerous goods. In the event of a
conflict between the procedures set forth in this bulletin and the laws that apply to your dealership, you
must follow those applicable laws.
Important: This technical service bulletin (TSB) can only be completed by certified repair facilities who have met all
specific training, tool and equipment requirements pertaining to the vehicle Brand and Model serviced. Repairs must
be performed by a technician who has successfully completed the required training.
Caution: Before downloading the update files, be sure the computer is connected to the internet through a network
cable (hardwired). DO NOT DOWNLOAD or install the files wirelessly. If there is an interruption during programming,
programming failure or control module damage may occur.
• Ensure the programming tool is equipped with the latest software and is securely connected to the data link
connector. If there is an interruption during programming, programming failure or control module damage may
occur.
• Stable battery voltage is critical during programming. Any fluctuation, spiking, over voltage or loss of voltage will
interrupt programming. Install a GM Authorized Programming Support Tool to maintain system voltage. Refer to
www.gmdesolutions.com for further information.  If not available, connect a fully charged 12 V jumper or booster
pack disconnected from the AC voltage supply. DO NOT connect a battery charger.
• Follow the on-screen prompts regarding ignition power mode, but ensure that anything that drains excessive
power (exterior lights, HVAC blower motor, etc) is off.
• Clear DTCs after programming is complete. Clearing powertrain DTCs will set the Inspection/Maintenance (I/M)
system status indicators to NO.
Page 6 February, 2025 Bulletin No.: 24-NA-102
Important: The service technician always needs to verify that the VIN displayed in the TLC left side drop down
menu and the top center window match the VIN plate of the vehicle to be programmed prior to using Service
Programming System 2 (SPS2) for programming or reprogramming a module.
• For the TLC application, service technicians need to always ensure that the power mode (ignition) is “ON”
before reading the VIN from the vehicle’s VIN master module and that they do not select a VIN that is already in
the TLC application memory from a previous vehicle.
• If the VIN that shows up in the TLC top center window after correctly reading the VIN from the vehicle does not
match the VIN plate of the vehicle, manually type in the VIN characters from the vehicle VIN plate into the TLC
top center window and use these for programming or reprogramming the subject module with the correct vehicle
VIN and software and/or calibrations.
• The Engine Control Module (ECM) is the master module (for VIP vehicles) that TLC reads to determine the VIN
of the vehicle. If the VIN read from the vehicle by TLC does not match the VIN plate of the vehicle, the ECM
also needs to be reprogrammed with the correct VIN, software and calibrations that match the vehicle’s VIN
plate.
• The Body Control Module (BCM) is the master module (for GEM vehicles) that TLC reads to determine the VIN
of the vehicle. If the VIN read from the vehicle by TLC does not match the VIN plate of the vehicle, the BCM
also needs to be reprogrammed with the correct VIN, software and calibrations that match the vehicle’s VIN
plate.
Caution: Be sure the VIN selected in the drop down menu (1) is the same as the vehicle connected (2) before
beginning programming.
5743643
Important: If the vehicle VIN DOES NOT match, the message below will be shown
Bulletin No.: 24-NA-102 February, 2025 Page 7
5877000
5644477
Important: Techline Connect screens shown above.
Important: If the same calibration/software warning is noted on the TLC Summary screen, select OK and follow
screen instructions. After a successful programming event, the WCC is located in the Service Programming System
dialogue box of the SPS Summary screen. No further action is required. Refer to the Warranty section of the bulletin.
1. Reprogram the Parking Assist Control Module. Refer to Parking Assist Control Module Programming and
Setup in SI .
Page 8 February, 2025 Bulletin No.: 24-NA-102
5644478
Note: The screenshot above is an example of module programming and may not be indicative of the specific module
that is being programmed. Module selection and VIN information have been blacked out.
Important: To avoid warranty transaction rejections, you MUST record the warranty claim code provided on the
Warranty Claim Code (WCC) screen shown above on the job card. Refer to callout 1 above for the location of the
WCC on the screen.
2. Record SPS Warranty Claim Code on job card for warranty transaction submission.
Warranty Information
For vehicles repaired under warranty, use:
Labor Operation Description Labor Time
*2810375 Parking Assist Control Module Reprogramming with SPSUse Published Labor
Operation Time
Important: *To avoid warranty transaction rejections, carefully read and follow the instructions below:
Bulletin No.: 24-NA-102 February, 2025 Page 9
Labor Operation Description Labor Time
6125814
• The Warranty Claim Code must be accurately entered in the “Warranty Claim Code” field of the transaction.
• When more than one Warranty Claim Code is generated for a programming event, it is required to document all Warranty
Claim Codes in the “Correction” field on the job card.  Dealers must also enter one of the codes in the “Warranty Claim
Code” field of the transaction, otherwise the transaction will reject. It is best practice to enter the FINAL code provided by
SPS2.
Warranty Claim Code Information Retrieval
6125774
Page 10 February, 2025 Bulletin No.: 24-NA-102
GM bulletins are intended for use by professional technicians, NOT a "do-it-yourselfer" . They are written to inform these
technicians of conditions that may occur on some vehicles, or to provide information that could assist in the proper
service of a vehicle. Properly trained technicians have the equipment, tools, safety instructions, and know-how to do a job
properly and safely. If a condition is described, DO NOT assume that the bulletin applies to your vehicle, or that your
vehicle will have that condition. See your GM dealer for information on whether your vehicle may beneﬁt from the
information.
WE SUPPORT VOLUNTARY
TECHNICIAN
CERTIFICATIONIf the Warranty Claim Code was not recorded on the Job Card, the code can be retrieved in the SPS2 system as
follows:
1. Open TLC on the computer used to program the vehicle.
2. Select and start SPS2.
3. Select Settings (1).
4. Select the Warranty Claim Code tab (2).
The VIN, Warranty Claim Code and Date/Time will be listed on a roster of recent programming events. If the code is
retrievable, dealers should resubmit the transaction making sure to include the code in the SPS Warranty Claim
Code field.
Version 2
Modified Released June 11, 2024
Revised February 13, 2025 - Added the 2024–2025 Chevrolet Blazer EV, Equinox EV,
2025 Chevrolet Equinox, Traverse, and GMC Acadia, Terrain, updated the Correction
Section, added four graphics under Service Procedure, and changed the labor operation
under Warranty Information.