   
TECHNICAL SERVICE BULLETIN
6.7L - Illuminated MIL With DTC P20A5 - Built On Or Before 10-Oct-202425-2032
12 February
2025
Model:
Ford
2025 F-650/750Built on or before 10-Oct-2024
Engine: 6.7L Diesel
Markets: North American markets only
Issue: Some of the vehicles listed in the Model statement above may exhibit an illuminated MIL with DTC P20A5
stored in the PCM. This may be due to the software in the GDM and does not affect vehicle operation. Due to OBD
functionality, the GDM may be referred to as the SOBDMC in the FDRS scan tool.
Action: For vehicles that meet all of the criteria in the Issue and Model statements, follow the Service Procedure to
reprogram the SOBDMC.
Warranty Status: Eligible under provisions of New Vehicle Limited Warranty (NVLW)/Emissions Warranty/Service
Part Warranty (SPW)/Service Part New Vehicle (SPNV)/Extended Service Plan (ESP) coverage. Limits/policies/prior
approvals are not altered by a TSB. NVLW/Emissions Warranty/SPW/SPNV/ESP coverage limits are determined by
the identified causal part and verified using the OASIS part coverage tool.
Labor Times
DescriptionOperation
No.Time
2025 F-650/F-750 6.7L: Retrieve DTCs And Reprogram The SOBDMC (Do Not Use With
Any Other Labor Operations)252032A 0.4
Hrs.
Repair/Claim Coding
Causal Part: 12B533
Condition Code:04
Service Procedure
1. Reprogram the SOBDMC using the latest software level of the FDRS scan tool.
© 2025 Ford Motor Company
All rights reserved.
NOTE: The information in Technical Service Bulletins is intended for use by trained, professional technicians with the knowledge, tools, and
equipment to do the job properly and safely. It informs these technicians of conditions that may occur on some vehicles, or provides information
that could assist in proper vehicle service. The procedures should not be performed by "do-it-yourselfers". Do not assume that a condition
described affects your car or truck. Contact a Ford or Lincoln dealership to determine whether the Bulletin applies to your vehicle. Warranty Policy
and Extended Service Plan documentation determine Warranty and/or Extended Service Plan coverage unless stated otherwise in the TSB article.
The information in this Technical Service Bulletin (TSB) was current at the time of printing. Ford Motor Company reserves the right to supersede
this information with updates. The most recent information is available through Ford Motor Company's on-line technical resources.