 
  
   
 
This document does not authorize warranty repairs.   This communication documents a record of past experiences.   STAR Online  
does not provide any conclusions about what is wrong with the vehicle.  Rather, it captures all previous cases known that appear  
to be similar or related to the vehicle symptom / condition.   You are the expert, and you are responsible for deciding on the  
appropriate course of action.  
 
Contact STAR Center, or your Technical Assistance Center Via TechConnect,  eCONTACT or Service Library  
entry if no solution is found .  
 
Stellantis  US LLC                                           Version 4.5 07/22/2022 
 
Case Number:   S2423000008  Rev. A  
 
Release Date:   March  2025 
 
Symptom/Vehicle Issue : SOS Button Inoperative And Or Unavailable. B1552 -2A 
Code Set.  
 
Customer Complaint/T echnician Observation:   
1. Owner may complain of one or more of the following  “SOS UNAVALIBLE” and or 
“SOS CALL UNAVAILABLE”  message (s) on the radio. Technician may find 
diagnostic trouble code (DTC) B1552 -2A-EMERGENCY CALL BUTTON -STUCK 
is active.  
 
2. Owner may come in for a Battery drain event and had to jump start the car . 
Technician may find U114F -00 LOST COMMUNICATION WITH LIN 
OVERHEAD CONSOLE  and/or B155 2-2A EMERGENCY CALL BUTTON -
STUCK DTC active.  
 
Discussion : 
 
<<<Note>>>  The DTC B1552 -2A is in process of being revised to remove “Button 
Stuck” from the description as this DTC can be triggered by multiple factors that result 
in disrupted communication between the button and the body  control module ( BCM ) / 
trans mission control module ( TCM ). 
 
If the DTC B1552 -2A is set, then perform the following:  
1.Lower the overhead console and verify the connection between the headliner 
harness and the overhead console is fully engaged and locked. If DTC is no longer 
active after locking the connector, clear faults, reinstall, the repair is complete.  If DTC 
is still active go to step 2.  
 
  
   
 
This document does not authorize warranty repairs.   This communication documents a record of past experiences.   STAR Online  
does not provide any conclusions about what is wrong with the vehicle.  Rather, it captures all previous cases known that appear  
to be similar or related to the vehicle symptom / condition.   You are the expert, and you are responsible for deciding on the  
appropriate course of action.  
 
Contact STAR Center, or your Technical Assistance Center Via TechConnect,  eCONTACT or Service Library  
entry if no solution is found .  
 
Stellantis  US LLC                                           Version 4.5 07/22/2022 
2. Unplug the connector wait 30 seconds and reconnect.  If DTC is no longer 
active, clear faults, reinstall, reference service library and continue diagnostic 
procedure, do not replace the Overhead Console.  If the DTC is still active go to step 3.  
3. Verify there is no plastic flash or film around the periphery of SOS button.  If 
possible, clear the debris carefully with a hobby knife or tool. Use care to not mar the 
plastic.  Verify the DTC is no longer active and reinstall the Overhead Console, the 
repair is complete.  
4. In case of Battery drain event and DTC’s B1552 -2A and  or U114F -00 being 
active, the console might still be in “ sleep mode”. To wake it up, press the ASSIST, or 
SOS or map reading or Dome ON Buttons. This will wake up the LIN Channel of the 
overhead console and the DTC’s will go “Stored” and can be cleared away. If Button 
press doesn’t wake up the console, also  “key on ” then “key off ” to allow a bus slee p 
cycle of 2 minutes o r more followed by a “key on ”. 