 
  
   
 
This document does not authorize warranty repairs.   This communication documents a record of past experiences.   STAR Online  
does not provide any conclusions about what is wrong with the vehicle.  Rather, it captures all previous cases known that appear  
to be similar or related to the vehicle symptom / condition.   You are the expert, and you are responsible for deciding on the  
appropriate course of action.  
 
Contact STAR Center, or your Technical Assistance Center Via TechConnect,  eCONTACT or Service Library  
entry if no solution is found .  
 
Stellantis  US LLC                                           Version 4.5 07/22/2022 
Case Number:   S250800001 7 
 
Release Date:   February  2025 
 
Symptom/Vehicle Issue : Radio  Frequency Hub  (RFH) Module has an Active Diagnostic Trouble 
Code (DTC) B22A9 -00 ECU Internal Performance  
  
Technician  Observation:  RFH Module is setting an active DTC B22A9 -00 Electronic Control 
Unit (ECU) Internal Performance  with no customer complaints. Please do not replace RFH module  
if all the following conditions are TRUE  1-3. 
 
1. Vehicle has RFH PN # 68671484AD       
2. Active RFH DTC B22A9 -00 ECU internal performance.  
3. No functional issues observed or reported , DTC cannot be cleared. DO NOT REPLACE  THE 
RFH IF THER ARE  NO FUNCTIONAL ISSUES.  
 
Note :  Below are the functional tests that can be validated for complaints as needed .  
 
i. Remote Keyless entry (RKE)  
ii. Passive Entry (If equipped, sales code – GXD)  
iii. Keyless Go/ Passive Start  
 
Continue with normal diagnostics if any functional issues are observed (or) If there are other active 
DTCs  logged.  
 
 
Remote Keyless Entry:  Per Keyfob  buttons equipped based on vehicle configuration, press the 
keyfob button and observe that vehicle acknowledged and activated the command.  
For example, press unlock button  (as equipped)  on keyfob and observe if vehicle doors are unlocked.  
 
Passive Entry (Only if vehicle configured with Sales code GXD) : User approaches driver/passenger 
door handle with keyfob, observe if the door is unlocked.  
 
Keyless Go/ Passive Start:  With keyfob inside the interior of the vehicle , press the start/stop button 
and observe if the vehicle can start  without incident.  