GENERAL MOTORS  
DCS 7161  
URGENT - DISTRIBUTE IMMEDIATELY  
 
 
Date:  March 3 , 2025 
  
Subject:  N242452130  - Service Update  
 Fuel Inje ctor Flow Rate  
  
Models:  2023 -2024 Chevrolet Colorado  
 2023 -2024 Chevrolet Silverado 1500  
 2023 -2024 GMC Canyon  
 2023 -2024 GMC Sierra 1500  
   
  
General Motors is releasing  Service Update N242452130  today.    
What Should Dealers Do:  Dealers should review IVH or the Dealer Maxis reports 
for open VINs in their inventory.   Dealers can view the attached bulletin and it 
will also be displayed in Service Information tomorrow .   
The Stock VIN list of vehicles in dealer inventory is attached to this message.   
Please note, there may be some VINs in your inventory that do not appear on 
this list.  All VINs should be validat ed in IVH prior to repair.   
 
END OF MESSAGE  
Service Update  
N24245213 0 Fuel Injector Flow Rate   
 
 Page 1 of 4 
 
Release Date : March  2025 Revision : 00 
Attention:  This service update include s vehicles in dealer inventory and customer vehicles that return to the 
dealership for any reason. This bulletin This program is in effect until March 31 , 2040 . 
Involved vehicles will be repaired either through dealer repairs as described in this bulletin or through 
over the air (OTA) programming.  Dealers can and should perform the procedure in this bulletin on any 
vehicle with an “open” status on the Investigate  Vehicle History (IVH) screen in GM Global Warranty 
Management system.  Due to the fact that vehicles will be closed in IVH through successful OTA 
programming, dealers should always check the status in IVH before performing any vehicle repairs .  
Refer to T echnical Service Bulletin 21 -NA-043 for properly maintaining vehicles in dealer inventory.   
 
Make  Model  Model Year  
From  To 
Chevrolet  Colorado  
2023  2024  Silverado 1500  
GMC  Canyon  
Sierra 1500  
Investigate Vehicle History (IVH) in the GM Global Warranty Management system should always be checked to confirm 
vehicle involvement prior to beginning any required inspections and/or repairs .   
Condition  Certain vehicles listed above  may have a condition in whic h the Engine Control Module (ECM) does  not 
sufficiently control fuel injector flow rate under certain driving conditions.  
Correction  Dealers are to reprogram the ECM.  
Parts  
No parts are required for this repair.  
Warranty Information  
Labor 
Operation  Description  Labor 
Time  Trans. 
Type  Net 
Item 
9107547 * Verified Module Software or Calibration Level: Module Is 
Programmed with Same Level Software or Calibration  0.2 ZFAT  N/A 
910754 8* Engine  Control Module Reprogramming with SPS  0.3 
Important : * To avoid warranty transaction rejections, carefully read and follow the instructions below:  
 
 6125814  
• The Warranty Claim Code from the programming event must be accurately entered in the “Warranty Claim 
Code” field of the transaction.  
• When more than one Warranty Claim Code is generated for a programming event, it is required to document all 
Warranty Claim Codes in the “Correction” field on the job card.   Dealers must also enter one of the codes in the 
“Warranty Claim Code ” field of the transaction, otherwise the transaction will reject.   It is best practice to enter 
the FINAL code provided by SPS2.  
 
 

Service Update  
N24245213 0 Fuel Injector Flow Rate   
 
  Page 2 of 4 
  
Warranty Claim Code Information Retrieval  
6125774  
If the Warranty Claim Code was not recorded on the Job Card, the code can be retrieved in the SPS 2 system as 
follows:  
1. Open TLC on the computer used to program the vehicle.  
2. Select and start SPS2.  
3. Select Settings  (1). 
4. Select the Warranty Claim Code tab  (2). 
The VIN, Warranty Claim Code and Date/Time will be listed on a roster of recent programming events.   If the code is 
retrievable, dealers should resubmit the transaction making sure to include the code in the SPS Warranty Claim Code 
field.  
Service Procedure  
Caution:  Before downloading the update files, be sure the computer is connected to the internet through a network cable 
(hardwired). DO NOT DOWNLOAD or install the files wirelessly. If there is an interruption during programming, 
programming failure or control mod ule damage may occur.  
Note:  Carefully read and follow the instructions below.  
• Ensure the programming tool is equipped with the latest software and is securely connected to the data link connector. 
If there is an interruption during programming, programming failure or control module damage may occur.  
• Stable battery voltage is critical during programming. Any fluctuation, spiking, over voltage or loss of voltage will 
interrupt programming. Install a GM Authorized Programming Support Tool to maintain system voltage.   Refer to 
www.gmdesolutions.com  for further information.    If not available, connect a fully charged 12 V jumper or booster 
pack disconnected from the AC voltage supply. DO NOT connect a battery charger.  
• Follow the on -screen prompts regarding ignition power mode, but ensure that anything that drains excessive power 
(exterior lights, HVAC blower motor, etc) is off.  
• Clear DTCs after programming is complete. Clearing powertrain DTCs will set the Inspection/Maintenance (I/M) 
system status indicators to NO.  
Important:  The service technician always needs to verify that the VIN displayed in the TLC left side drop down menu and 
the top center window match the VIN plate of the vehicle to be programmed prior to using Service Programming System 
2 (SPS2) for programming or re programming a module.  
• For the TLC application, service technicians need to always ensure that the power mode (ignition) is “ON” before 
reading the VIN from the vehicle’s VIN master module and that they do not select a VIN that is already in the TLC 
application memory from a pre vious vehicle.  

Service Update  
N24245213 0 Fuel Injector Flow Rate   
 
  Page 3 of 4 
  
• If the VIN that shows up in the TLC top center window after correctly reading the VIN from the vehicle does not match 
the VIN plate of the vehicle, manually type in the VIN characters from the vehicle VIN plate into the TLC top center 
window and use these for programming or reprogramming the subject module with the correct vehicle VIN and 
software and/or calibrations.  
• The Engine Control Module (ECM) is the  primary  module (for VIP ICE vehicles) that TLC reads to determine the VIN 
of the vehicle.  If the VIN read from the vehicle by TLC does not match the VIN plate of the vehicle, the ECM also 
needs to be reprogrammed with the correct VIN, software and calibrations that match the vehicle ’s VIN plate.   
Caution:   Be sure the VIN selected in the drop down menu (1) is the same as the vehicle connected (2) before beginning 
programming.   
5743643  
Important:  If the vehicle VIN DOES NOT match, the message below will be shown.  
 5877000  
5644477  
Important: Techline Connect screens shown above.  

Service Update  
N24245213 0 Fuel Injector Flow Rate   
 
  Page 4 of 4 
  
 
Important:  If the same calibration/software warning is noted on the TLC Summary screen, select OK and follow 
screen instructions. After a successful programming event, the WCC is located in the Service Programming System 
dialogue box of the SPS Summary screen. No fu rther action is required. Refer to the Warranty section of the bulletin.  
1. Reprogram the Engine  Control Module. Refer to K20 Engine Control Module: Programming and Setup  in SI.  
5644478  
Note:  The screensho t above is an example of module programming and may not be indicative of the specific module 
that is being programmed. Module selection and VIN information have been blacked out.  
Important:  To avoid warranty transaction rejections, you MUST record the warranty claim code provided on the 
Warranty Claim Code (WCC) screen shown above on the job card. Refer to callout 1 above for the location of the 
WCC on the screen.  
2. Record SPS Warranty Claim Code on job card for warranty transaction submission.  
Dealer Responsibility   
Whenever a vehicle subj ect to this service update enters your vehicle inventory or is in your facility for service through  
March 31 , 2040, you must take the steps necessary to be sure the service update correction has been made before 
selling or releasing the vehicle.  
All new, used, GM Certified Pre -Owned (CPO), courtesy transportation vehicles, dealer shuttle vehicles, CarBravo, etc. 
in dealers' possession and subject to this field action  must be held and inspected/repaired per the service procedure of 
this bulletin before customers take possession of these vehicles. Involved vehicles must be held and not delivered to 
customers, dealer -traded, released to auction, used for demonstration, o r any other purpose.  
 
All GM Certified Pre -Owned (CPO) vehicles currently in the dealers’ inventory within the SHIFT Digital system will be 
de-certified and must be held and remedied per the service procedure in this bulletin. Upon submitting an accepted/paid 
warranty transaction in the Global Warranty Managem ent (GWM) system, the vehicle can be re -certified for sale within 
the SHIFT Digital system, or once again be used in the Courtesy Transportation Program.  
Dealer Reports  – For USA & Export  
The Inventory tab of the Open Vehicle Report will contain Service Update Bulletin VINs that apply to this field action.  
This information is intended to assist dealers with the  PROMPT COMPLETION  of these vehicles.  The Customer In-
Service tab will not contain Service Update Bulletin VIN data because the intent of a Service Update Bulletin is to not 
inconvenience a customer with a special trip for service.  Service Update Bulletins are to be completed when the 
customer is in for a  regularly scheduled visit.  
 
 
 
GM bulletins are intended for use by professional technicians, NOT a " do-it-yourselfer ".  They are written to inform these technicians of 
conditions that may occur on some vehicles, or to provide information that could assist in the proper service of a vehicle.  Properly tr ained 
technicians have the tools, equipment, safety instructions, and know -how to do a job properly and safely.  If a condition is described, DO NOT  
assume that the bulletin applies to your vehicle, or that your vehicle will have that con dition.  See your dealer for information on whether your 
vehicle may benefit from the information.    
 We Support 
Voluntary Technician 
Certification  
 
