   
TECHNICAL SERVICE BULLETIN
Rear Parking Aid - Continuous Or Intermittent Tone When No Obstacles Or
DTCs Are Present25-2033
12 February
2025
This bulletin supersedes 24-2300. Reason for update: update the parts list
Model:
Ford
2024 Ranger
Markets: North American markets only
Issue: Some of the vehicles listed in the Model statement above may exhibit all of the following conditions:
• An intermittent condition of a continuous audible tone present from the rear parking aid system with no
obstacles around the vehicle
• No DTC stored in the IPMA
This may be due to the IPMA software, IPMA hardware, the rear parking sensors and/or sensor wiring.
Action: For vehicles that meet all of the criteria in the Issue and Model statements, follow the Service Procedure to
update the IPMA and diagnose further if necessary.
Parts - Parts To Inspect And Replace Only If Necessary
Service Part
NumberClaim QuantityPackage Order
QuantityNumber in
PackageDescription Note
14G647 Only If
Necessary (Up
to 1)Only If
Necessary (Up
to 1)1Image Processing
Module ARefer To The Parts Catalog
For The VIN Specific
Application
Claim Quantity refers to the total number of individual pieces required to repair the vehicle.
Package Order Quantity refers to the amount of the service part number package(s) required to repair the vehicle.
Number In Package refers to the number of individual pieces included in a service part number package.
Only If Necessary indicates the part is not mandatory. Refer to the Service Procedure to determine the
inspection/inclusion criteria.
Warranty Status: Eligible under provisions of New Vehicle Limited Warranty (NVLW)/Service Part Warranty
(SPW)/Service Part New Vehicle (SPNV)/Extended Service Plan (ESP) coverage. Limits/policies/prior approvals are
not altered by a TSB. NVLW/SPW/SPNV/ESP coverage limits are determined by the identified causal part and
verified using the OASIS part coverage tool.
Labor Times
DescriptionOperation
No.Time
2024 Ranger: Retrieve DTCs And Update The IPMA Includes Time To Perform
Pinpoint Test And Replace The IPMA If Necessary (Do Not Use With Any Other
Labor Operations)MT252033Actual Time up
to 3.0 Hrs.
Repair/Claim Coding
Causal Part: 14G647
Condition Code:04
Service Procedure
1. Update the IPMA software to the latest level using the FDRS.
2. Did this correct the concern?
(1). Yes - repair is complete.
(2). No - proceed to Step 3.
3. Perform Pinpoint Test AK. Refer to WSM, Section 413-13.
4. Did this correct the concern?
(1). Yes - repair is complete.
(2). No - proceed to Step 5.
5. Replace the IPMA module. Refer to WSM, Section 419-07.
© 2025 Ford Motor Company
All rights reserved.
NOTE: The information in Technical Service Bulletins is intended for use by trained, professional technicians with the knowledge, tools, and
equipment to do the job properly and safely. It informs these technicians of conditions that may occur on some vehicles, or provides information
that could assist in proper vehicle service. The procedures should not be performed by "do-it-yourselfers". Do not assume that a condition
described affects your car or truck. Contact a Ford or Lincoln dealership to determine whether the Bulletin applies to your vehicle. Warranty Policy
and Extended Service Plan documentation determine Warranty and/or Extended Service Plan coverage unless stated otherwise in the TSB article.
The information in this Technical Service Bulletin (TSB) was current at the time of printing. Ford Motor Company reserves the right to supersede
this information with updates. The most recent information is available through Ford Motor Company's on-line technical resources.