 
 
 
Warranty Information  
 
 Page 1 of 2  
© 2022 Volkswagen Group  of America, Inc.  
All rights reserved.  Information contained in this document is based on the latest information available at the time of prin ting and is subject to the copyright and other intellectual property 
rights of Volkswagen Group  of America, Inc., its affiliated companies and its licensors. All rights are reserved to make changes at any time without not ice.  No part of this document may be 
reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electr onic, mechanical, photocopying, reco rding, or otherwise, nor may these materials be modified or 
reposted to other sites, without the prior expressed written permission of the publisher.  
Internal    
Policies and Procedures Bulletin  Number:  VWP -22-18 
  
Subject:  Rear Brake Pad Limited Warranty Extension  Revised  Date:  Feb. 05, 202 5 
Questions - For any questions regarding this bulletin, please contact the Warranty Helpline at 1 -866-
306-8447 or warranty.helpline@vw.com . This document modifies the Volkswagen 
Warranty Policies and Procedures 
Manual.  
 
Rear Brake Pad Limited Warranty Extension  
Volkswagen has extended the Warranty coverage for the Rear Brake Pads from  1 year or 12 ,000 miles  to 2 years or 
24,000 miles,  whichever occurs first from the vehicle ’s original in -service date , for certain 2020 -2025 Model Year Jetta 
and certain 2022 -2025 Model Year Taos  vehicles.  
The vehicle’s original in -service date is defined as the date the vehicle was delivered to either the original purchaser or 
the original lessee; or if the vehicle was first placed in service as a “demonstrator” or “company” car, on the date such 
vehicle was first placed in service.  
What is Covered  
During the time/mileage period specified above, an authorized Volkswagen Dealer will replace Rear Brake Pads and any 
parts and labor necessary to effectuate a r epair at no cost to the  owner if diagnosis confirms Rear Brake Pads have failed 
from a Warranty defect  or have failed due to premature wear .  
Rotors may be covered as consequential damage if they have failed as a direct result of the Rear B rake Pads  failure . 
Dealers must provide detailed justification within the claim comments of SAGA to support reimbursement.  
Volkswagen Dealers are required to refer to the Repair Manual in Elsa for repair instructions and wear limits for the 
brake pads for each VIN .  
If diagnosis reveals that the vehicle has an unrelated issue(s), diagnosis and any necessary repairs to correct such issue(s)  
will not be covered under this warranty extension.  
Transferability  
This warranty  extension  is fully transferable to subsequent owners . 
Additional information  
This warranty extension does not cover d amage or malfunctions caused by outside influence, such as an accident, or 
vehicle misuse or neglect , nor does it cover  repairs that are necessary for proper diagnosis of these conditions or that 
are required to bring the vehicle up to factory specifications.  
Vehicle Eligibility  
To determine if a vehicle is eligible for the Rear Brake Pad  Limited Warranty Extension, check the VIN in Elsa > Vehicle 
Data. If the warranty extension is applicable to the vehicle, the “Warranty” section of the “Vehicle Data” screen will 
show Warranty Key “ U94 Rear Brake Pad Warr Ext 2/ 24 from in-service date ” indicating this vehicle is eligible for this 
Warranty Extension.   
 
Warranty Information  
 
Page 2 of 2 
© 2022  Volkswagen Group  of America, Inc.  
All rights reserved.  Information contained in this document is based on the latest information available at the time of prin ting and is subject to the copyright and other intellectual property 
rights of Volkswagen Group  of America, Inc., its affiliated companies and its licensors. All rights are reserved to make changes at any time without not ice.  No part of this document may be 
reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electr onic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, nor may these materials be modified or 
reposted to other sites, without the prior expressed written permission of the publisher.  Internal  Documentation Requirements  
Volkswagen Dealers are required to retain  the following documentation:  
 The Brake Diagnostic Worksheet : 
o The Brake Diagnostic Worksheet  is required to be filled out and uploaded to Doc -IT for Warranty 
reimbursement on all Brake claims. This Worksheet is located in WISE under Resource Center > Forms > 
Brakes.   
 Photo Documentation for the Warranty Parts Portal  (WPP) : 
o Photos of defective Rear Brake Pads and Rotors (if consequential) are required  to be taken, retained 
with the Repair Order  and uploaded to the WPP upon request.  
o All parts must be retained until the parts have appeared on the Dealers Warranty Part Disposition 
Scrap/Core  Report.  
Claims without the Brake Diagnostic Worksheet and required photos may be subject to cancellation . 
SAGA Claiming Procedures  
Dealers must use the following Claim Type and Service Number when submitting warranty extension claims for the Rear 
Brake Pad  Limited Warranty Extension.  
SAGA Claiming Procedures  
Claim Type  110 
Service Number  4638  
Damage Code  0010  
Vendor Code  Identified on the Part  
Causal Indicator  Brake Pads must be marked as causal  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Document Revision Table  
Publish Date  Reason For Update  
12/20/2022  Original Publication  
11/16/2023  Added model year 2024  
02/05/2025  Added model year 2025  
 