1 of 9 Service Bulletin  SB629 Issue 1
Service Bulletin  SB629
Issue 1 - 01.2025
Subject: Front Brake Hose Alignment
Bulletin Number Models Affected VIN Range Markets Affected
629 Tiger Sport 800 From CE7729 to CG6198 Canada , North
America , Japan
Markets Only
Background Information
Dealers are requested to check and, if necessary, reroute the front brake master cylinder hose and front
brake caliper hose at the ABS modulator as described in the procedure below.
Customer Contact Instructions
Motorcycles in the affected VIN range must have this Service Bulletin completed prior to delivery to the
customer.
Identification of Affected Motorcycles
Tiger Sport 800 motorcycles in the above VIN range.
NOTICE
Some affected motorcycles listed in the VIN range will have been reworked by Triumph prior to their
release from the factory.
Unmodified motorcycles can be identified by checking the ‘VIN Enquiry’ on www.triumphonline.net.
Warranty Claim Instructions
Bulletin Number Fault Code Repair Code Description Repair Time
Allowance
629 020295929 996291 Check ABS Hose
Routing0.10 Hrs
629 020295929 996292 Adjust ABS Hose
Routing0.40 Hrs
Genuine Parts Information
Bulletin Number Part Number Description Quantity
629 T3550229 Washer, 15.2 x 10 x 1,
Plated4, required for repair
code 996292 only
Parts Ordering Instructions For Triumph Subsidiary and Overseas Distributor
dealers using Triumph Warranty On-Line with Parts
Auto Ordering Flag switched on:  Order all repair parts
by submitting a New Prior through the Warranty On-
2 of 9 Service Bulletin  SB629 Issue 1Line system. Entering the above repair code in a New
Prior will automatically add the parts required and
labour times for this Service Bulletin.
For Overseas Distributor dealers NOT using Triumph
Warranty On-Line or for Overseas Distributor dealers
using Triumph Warranty On-Line with Parts Auto
Ordering Flag switched off:  Orders should be placed
using the normal parts ordering procedure.
Genuine Parts Return Dealer to retain parts for 90 days. All parts must be
stored in a secure, non-public accessed area and
correctly identified with a completed warranty label.
Thereafter, the parts must be rendered unusable
prior to scrapping.
Other Instructions
Once completed, please mark the Service Record Book that the requirements of this bulletin have been
complied with.
Before returning the motorcycle to the customer, download the latest calibration using the current version
of the Triumph diagnostic software to the following:
•Engine electronic control module
•Chassis electronic control module (if fitted)
•Keyless electronic control module (if fitted)
•Suspension electronic control module (if fitted)
•Connectivity module (if fitted)
•Instruments (if applicable).
Front Brake Hose Alignment Check
WARNING
Make sure the motorcycle is stabilised and adequately supported.
Do not support the motorcycle on any ancillary component, the exhaust system or any other non-
structural parts of the motorcycle frame.
A correctly supported motorcycle will help prevent it from falling.
Failure to follow the advice above could result in serious injury or death.
1.Remove the seat, refer to the Service Manual.
NOTICE
The brake hoses are coloured in the images for visual purposes only,
Green - front brake caliper to ABS modulator hose.
Yellow - front brake master cylinder to ABS modulator hose.
If in doubt contact Triumph Service for clarification.
1.Visually inspect the brake hoses for correct fitment to the ABS modulator.
3 of 9 Service Bulletin  SB629 Issue 1
1
1
2
3•Figure 1
1.Brake hose swaged joints
2.Visible gap between front brake master cylinder to ABS modulator hose and locating feature
3.No visible gap between front brake caliper to ABS modulator hose
Correct or incorrect fitment of the front brake hoses can be confirmed by comparing brake hose alignment
images above.
 Correct front brake hose fitment:
•Both swaged brake hose joints (1) are visibly misaligned.
•An air gap is visibly present between the front brake caliper to ABS modulator hose (2) and the locating
feature.
 Incorrect front brake hose fitment:
•Both swaged brake hose joints (1) appear approximately aligned.
•No air gap is visibly present between the front brake master cylinder to ABS modulator hose (3) and the
locating feature.
Correct Brake Hose Alignment
1.If the two front brake hoses are correct to the visual inspection, as shown in Figure 1 , mark the front
brake hoses as described below. Adjustment of the ABS hose routing is not required.
2.Using a paint pen, apply three alignment marks to the front caliper hoses and the corresponding area
of the locating feature as shown below.
1.Paint pen marks
4 of 9 Service Bulletin  SB629 Issue 13.Fit the seat, refer to the Service Manual.
4.Submit a warranty claim for Check ABS Hose Routing  using repair code 996291.
Adjust ABS Hose Routing Only
•If the front brake master cylinder to ABS modulator hose and front brake caliper to ABS modulator hose
are incorrect and transposed, as shown in Figure 1  continue with Adjust ABS routing.
NOTICE
To prevent paint damage, do not spill brake fluid onto any area of the bodywork.
Spilled brake fluid will damage paintwork.
1.Disconnect the battery terminals, refer to the Service Manual.
2.Remove the fixings from one of the front calipers and slide the brake caliper off the brake disc.
1.Brake caliper
2.Brake caliper fixings
NOTICE
Do not operate the brake lever with the brake caliper removed unless a brake pad spacer is positioned
between the brake pads.
5 of 9 Service Bulletin  SB629 Issue 13.Using a 2 millimetre disc brake pad spacer between the brake pads, operate the front brake lever slowly
until the brake pad spacer pad is held by the brake pads.
1.Caliper pistons
2.Brake pads
3.2 millimetre disc brake pad spacer
4.Pull the front brake lever towards the handlebar until a small amount of pressure is felt. Cable tie the
brake lever to this position.
B02429_212
1.Brake lever
2.Cable tie
6 of 9 Service Bulletin  SB629 Issue 11.Remove the front brake master cylinder hose union and front brake caliper hose union from the ABS
modulator, collecting any brake fluid. Discard the sealing washers.
2
1
 3
1.Front brake master cylinder to ABS modulator
2.Front brake caliper to ABS modulator
3.Locating feature
2.Install a new sealing washer to each side of the unions and connect the brake hoses to the ABS
modulator in the orientation shown.
3.Tighten the front brake caliper (1) and front brake master cylinder (2) brake hose unions to 25 Nm .
1.Front brake caliper to ABS modulator
2.Front brake master cylinder to ABS modulator
4.Remove the plastic push rivet from the left fuel tank side panel.
7 of 9 Service Bulletin  SB629 Issue 15.Pull the right hand fuel tank side panel away from the fuel tank to release the two retaining clips and
two spigots from the rubber grommets. Note the position of the locking clips for installation.
1.Plastic push rivet
2.Fuel tank side panel
6.Check and if necessary clip the hoses into the clip.
1.Clip
2.Front brake caliper to ABS modulator
3.Front brake master cylinder to ABS modulator
8 of 9 Service Bulletin  SB629 Issue 17 .Using a paint pen or suitable permanent marker, apply three alignment marks to the front caliper
hoses and the corresponding area of the locating feature as shown below.
1.Paint pen marks
8.Align the fuel tank side panel spigots and locking clips to the fuel tank. Push firmly to engage the panel
into the fuel tank.
9.Fit the plastic push rivet.
1.Plastic push rivet
2.Fuel tank side panel
10.Fit the front brake caliper, refer to the Service Manual
WARNING
Use only DOT 4 specification brake fluid as listed in the General Information section of this manual.
The use of brake fluids other than those DOT 4 fluids listed in the General Information section may reduce
the efficiency of the braking system.
Failure to follow the advice above may lead to loss of motorcycle control which could result in serious
injury or death.
Observe the brake fluid handling warnings given earlier in this section of the manual.
11.Back bleed the front brake master cylinder, refer to the Service Manual.
12.Bleed the front brakes, refer to the Service Manual.
13.Check the front brake caliper unions for any brake fluid leaks. Rectify if necessary.
14.Connect the battery terminals, refer to the Service Manual.
15.Fit the seat, refer to the Service Manual.
9 of 9 Service Bulletin  SB629 Issue 1
WARNING
When riding the motorcycle the rider must always wear a safety helmet, eye protection, gloves, boots,
trousers (close fitting around the knee and ankle) and a brightly coloured jacket.
Brightly coloured clothing will considerably increase a rider's visibility to other operators of road vehicles.
Although full protection is not possible, wearing correct protective clothing can reduce the risk of serious
injury or death when riding.
16.Carry out a road test. When applying the brakes observe the following:
•The brakes should have a firm, responsive feel.
•The brakes should act smoothly and silently without judder.
•Upon activation of the brakes, the motorcycle should come to rest without deviating from a straight
line.
17 .If required, rectify any faults discovered after the brake test.
18.Submit a warranty claim for Adjust ABS Hose Routing  using repair code 992692.