INDIAN MOTORCYCLE
HELP CENTER
What can we help you ﬁnd? Search
Help Center Hom e / Article
02/28/2025
2015-2024 Scout Seat Removal and Installation
Follow the instructions for your bike model and year to remove the driver's seat on your Indian
Scout motorcycle. 
Model Y ear 2022 t o 2024 Scout R ogue/Scout R ogue Sixty
1. Grasp the front edge of the seat and pull upward abruptly to disengage the seat base grommet
from the seat mount stud (1). 
2. Lift the seat to disengage the seat base from the rear frame.
3. To reinstall the seat, make sure the tabs on the seat base fully engage the rear frame section, then
press downward firmly at the front edge of the seat to snap the stud to the seat base grommet.
Model Y ear 2020 t o 2024 Scout Models
To remove the seat:
1. Remove the bolts on the back of the seat (1) using the uni-tool included in the tool kit.
2. Remove the bolt behind the seat (2) using the included uni-tool.
3. Grasp the front edge of the seat and pull upward abruptly to disengage the seat base grommet
from the seat mount stud (3). 
To reinstall the seat, reverse the removal process.
Model Y ear 2018 t o 2024 Scout Bobber/Scout Sixty and Model Y ear 2015-2019 Scout Models
To remove the driver's seat on Scout, Scout Bobber, Scout Bobber Sixty, Scout Sixty and Scout
Bobber T wenty: 
1. Grasp the front edge of the seat and pull upward abruptly to disengage the seat base grommet
from the seat mount stud (1).
2. Lift the seat and pull it slightly rearward to disengage the seat base from the rear retainer (2).
3. To re-install the seat: Make sure the seat base engages the rear retainer (2) and then press
downward firmly at the front edge of the seat to engage the stud to the seat base grommet. If the
seat is not aligned in a straight-ahead position, the grommet is not engaged to the stud. Make sure
the grommet is fully engaged to the stud before operating.
Warning:  If the seat is not aligned in a straight-ahead position, the grommet is not engaged to the
stud. Make sure the grommet is fully engaged to the stud before operating.
Model Y ear 2020 Scout Bobber T wenty and Scout 100th Anniv ersary Edition
Use caution to avoid contact with the fuel tank when removing the seat. T o remove the seat:
1. Remove the two bolts (1) holding the seat to the seat frame using the uni-tool included in the
tool kit.
2. Remove the four bolts (2) holding the seat frame to the bike.
3. If trying to access the battery, remove the two bolts (3) holding the cover to the bike.
To reinstall the seat, reverse the removal process.
For more information about your motorcycle, consult your Owner's Manual .
For more seat options and accessory seat installation instructions, view the full line of Indian
Motorcycle seats .
To find replacement parts, view the online parts catalog .
Unless not ed, tr ademarks ar e the pr operty of Indian Mot orcycle Int ernational, LL C
© 2022 Indian Mot orcycle Int ernational, LL C
Was this article helpful?
Yes, it answers my question
No, it's missing information or visuals
No, the instructions are unclear
No, What are the next steps?
No, I'm experiencing a technical error
Other
* How can we improve this article? We'd love to hear your suggestions
Tell us what you would like to see in this article
Send [] -