Technical Service Bulletin (TSB)
Flash: Integrated Trailer Control Module (ITCM) Updates
REFERENCE: TSB:  08-042-25
GROUP: 08 - ElectricalDate: February 21, 2025 REVISION: ––
VEHICLES
AFFECTED:2025 (WS) Grand Wagoneer/Wagoneer
This bulletin applies to vehicles built on or before July 05, 2024 (MDH
0705XX) equipped with Trailer Brake Control (Sales Code XHC).MARKET APPLICABILITY:
NA
SA
EEMEA
IAP
CH
CUSTOMER
SYMPTOM:Customers may comment on the following:
●When driving the vehicle, the trailer brake gain screen will pop up in the Instrument Panel Cluster (IPC) for
a few seconds (same screen that would pop up if you squeeze the trailer brake manual lever control under
the steering wheel), however no activation is made by the driver at all. No additional brake power is applied
to the vehicle during the pop up event.
CAUSE: ITCM software updates
REPAIR SUMMARY:
This bulletin involves updating the ITCM with the latest available software.
CLAIMS DATA:
Labor Operation No: Labor Description Skill Category Labor Time
18-19-09-92 Integrated Trailer Control
Module (ITCM) -
Reprogram
(0 - Introduction)6 - Electrical and Body
Systems0.2 Hrs.
Failure Code CC Customer Concern
The dealer must use failure code CC with this Technical Service Bulletin.
● If the customer’s concern matches the SYMPTOM identified in the Technical Service Bulletin, failure code
CC is to be used.
● When utilizing this failure code, the 3C’s (customer’s concern, cause and correction) must be provided for
processing Technical Service Bulletin flash/reprogramming conditions.
DIAGNOSIS:
Using a Scan Tool (wiTECH) with the appropriate Diagnostic Procedures available in DealerCONNECT/
Service Library, verify all related systems are functioning as designed. If Diagnostic Trouble Codes (DTCs) or
symptom conditions, other than the ones listed above are present, record the issues on the repair order and
repair as necessary before proceeding further with this bulletin.
If the customer describes any of the symptoms listed above in the customer symptom section, perform the
Repair Procedure.
SPECIAL TOOLS/EQUIPMENT:
Description Ref. No. Notes
wiTECH or Equivalent – –
REPAIR PROCEDURE:
NOTE: Install a battery charger to ensure battery voltage does not drop below 13.2 volts. Do not allow
the charging voltage to climb above 13.5 volts during the flash process.
NOTE: If this flash process is interrupted/aborted, the flash should be restarted.
1. Reprogram the ITCM with the latest available software. If issues arise when flashing a module using the
wiTECH Diagnostic Application, please submit a ticket to the Helpdesk. The helpdesk can be found within
the Help menu.
2. Using wiTECH, perform proxy alignment. This routine is available under the ’Guided Diagnostics’ tab found
on the home, ’Vehicle View’ page of wiTECH.
3. Clear all DTCs that may have been set in any module due to reprogramming. The wiTECH application will
automatically present all DTCs after the flash and allow them to be cleared.
POLICY:
Reimbursable within the provisions of the warranty.
This bulletin is supplied as technical information only and is not an authorization for repair. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or
transmitted, in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, or otherwise, without written permission of FCA US LLC.