Copyright 2025 General Motors. All Rights Reserved.Bulletin No.: 25-NA-029
Service BulletinDate: February, 2025
TECHNICAL
Brake Pad Life Percentage Higher Than It Should be and Over Predicting Wear
Brand: Model: Model Year: Build Date: Engine: Transmission
:from to from to
Buick Enclave 2025 2025 SOPDecember 11,
2024   
Chevrolet Traverse 2024 2025 SOPSeptember 8,
2024LK0  
GMC Acadia 2024 2025 SOPSeptember 8,
2024   
Involved Region or Country North America, Middle East
ConditionSome customers/technicians may comment on their brake life percentage going down
faster than expected. This affects the front and rear brakes.
CauseThe cause of the condition may be the Electronic Brake Control Module (EBCM) over
predicting percentage of wear.
CorrectionThe pad life wear is an estimation that was updated with new EBCM software to be more
accurate.
Important: Updating the EBCM without  replacing the pads and resetting the pad life will
not change the estimation. Do not update the EBCM for this concern unless replacing the
pads and resetting the pad life.
This new software will only take affect after updating the EBCM and resetting the pad life.
Note: Pad life should only be reset after pads are replaced.
Assure the customer that the system will correctly notify them when it is time to replace
the pads. They will receive the “replace pads soon” on the DIC. The percentage will turn
into mileage remaining and the customer must replace pads before the mileage reaches
zero.
Follow PIT6333 if issues resetting the brake pad life come up.Subject:
Service Procedure
Important: Service agents must comply with all International, Federal, State, Provincial, and/or Local laws
applicable to the activities it performs under this bulletin, including but not limited to handling, deploying,
preparing, classifying, packaging, marking, labeling, and shipping dangerous goods. In the event of a
conflict between the procedures set forth in this bulletin and the laws that apply to your dealership, you
must follow those applicable laws.
Warranty Information
For vehicles repaired under the Bumper-to-Bumper coverage (Canada Base Warranty coverage), use the following
labor operation. Reference the Applicable Warranties section of Investigate Vehicle History (IVH) for coverage infor-
mation.
Labor Operation Description Labor Time
*2880047 Brake Pad Life Percentage Check 0.2 hr
*This is a unique Labor Operation for Bulletin use only.
Important: **To avoid warranty transaction rejections, carefully read and follow the instructions below:
Page 2 February, 2025 Bulletin No.: 25-NA-029
GM bulletins are intended for use by professional technicians, NOT a "do-it-yourselfer" . They are written to inform these
technicians of conditions that may occur on some vehicles, or to provide information that could assist in the proper
service of a vehicle. Properly trained technicians have the equipment, tools, safety instructions, and know-how to do a job
properly and safely. If a condition is described, DO NOT assume that the bulletin applies to your vehicle, or that your
vehicle will have that condition. See your GM dealer for information on whether your vehicle may beneﬁt from the
information.
WE SUPPORT VOLUNTARY
TECHNICIAN
CERTIFICATIONLabor Operation Description Labor Time
6125814
• The Warranty Claim Code must be accurately entered in the “Warranty Claim Code” field of the transaction.
• When more than one Warranty Claim Code is generated for a programming event, it is required to document all Warranty
Claim Codes in the “Correction” field on the job card.  Dealers must also enter one of the codes in the “Warranty Claim
Code” field of the transaction, otherwise the transaction will reject. It is best practice to enter the FINAL code provided by
SPS2.
Version 1
Modified Released February 11, 2025