Involved Region or
CountryNorth America
Additional Options
(RPO)RPO APD with R6W Power Assisted Doors
ConditionThis PI is to provide some operational information to
help understand vehicles equipped with power assist
doors RPO APD with R6W .
Cause New feature.
Bulletin No.: PIT6291D
Published date: 02/21/2025
Preliminary Information
PIT6291D Informational Tips On Power Assisted Door Opening And
Closing Operation
Models
Brand: Model: Model Y ears:VIN:Engine: Transmissions:from to
Cadillac Escalade 2025 All AllAll All
Cadillac Escalade ESV 2025 All AllAll All
 
 
 
 
Correction:
- Vehicles with RPO APD along with R6W CURRENTL Y only have power assisted
door opening and closing, they do NOT have fully automatic power opening and
closing doors.  This means the door must be physically opened and closed, but
the power assist will aid in making it easier to open and close the doors.
- Power assisted doors include a motorized door check-link assembly that
provides some limited assist as you open and close the door .  The motorized
door check-link assembly also acts as the door check link to hold the door in
position when open, but unlik e a manual door with two detent positions you
will have inﬁnite detent positions.  When the door is opened the motorized
door check link assembly will hold the door in any position that you stop the
door in.  When the door is being held in an open position, if the door needs to
be moved further open or closed you must apply some additional eﬀort to
overcome the motorized door check-link and then the door will move with
assist.  This is normal operation, and no repairs should be made.  
- The door opening and closing will feel diﬀerently on trucks built with power
assisted doors (APD with R6W) when compared to a truck without RPO APD. 
Also, the power assisted front doors will feel diﬀerently than the power
assisted rear doors because of the size and proportion of the door . This is
normal.  In the event of a customer complaint regarding door opening and
closing eﬀorts a comparison can be made between the front left to the front
right door . Also, the same applies for the rear doors, but the front door eﬀort
should not be compared to the rear door eﬀort.  If an issue is found with the
door eﬀort, then contact the T AC 2025 T1 SUV Action Center for additional
Version 5
Modiﬁed11/22/2024 - Created on.  
11/26/2024- Updates to title, condition and
correction sections  
12/17/2024 - Updated Administrative Details.  
01/17/2025 - Update to the correction  
02/21/2025 - Update to the correctioninformation.    
- A customer ma y comment that the doors are not closing/ cinching directly to
primary in comparison to a traditional, non-powered door. The cinch ma y vary
from door to door even on the same vehicle, some closing completely to
primary and some closing to secondary , and then fully closing to
primary .  Variation of cinching from door to door on the same vehicle is
expected depending on various conditions and build variables. The doors ma y
close directly to primary , other times the door ma y go to secondary , then fully
closed.  Depending on the environment and how the door was closed, the doors
may attempt to cinch in which the strik er is not completely aligned, resulting in
the door moving slightly in the opening/ closing direction prior to cinching to
ensure the door is fully closed/ cinched.
- Do not attempt to reprogram the doors or vehicle unless there is a repeatable
current DTC.     
-  If performing a door relearn, an error or failed door learn ma y occur when
using GDS2.  Currently the relearn procedure in GDS2 is not working properly
and the door relearn must be done by using SPS/TLC.  Go into TLC/SPS and from
the supported controller list select the K15 Access Control Module.  Next, under
Select F unction/Sequence box pick "Setup" and following the screens to
complete the door relearn.
- If history DTC's are present and there are no speciﬁc door issues do not
attempt a repair .
Version History
 
 
GM Global Brands
© 2025 General Motors. All Rights R eserved.