SLINGSHOT
HELP CENTER
What can we help you find? SEARCH
Help Center Home  / Article
02/21/2025
2025 Slingshot Wheel and Brake System Inspection
Requir ed Tools and Supplies
17mm Socket
Breaker Bar
Ratchet
Torque Wrench
DOT 4 Brake Fluid
Tire Pressure T ool
Tread Depth T ool
Eye Protection
Nitrile Gloves
Shop Rags2025 P olaris Slingshot | Wheel/Br ake System Inspection | Slingshot 2025 P olaris Slingshot | Wheel/Br ake System Inspection | Slingshot
To learn more about tools, read the Tools and F asteners Guide . Always wear safety glasses and nitrile
gloves when servicing your Slingshot.
To inspect the wheel and brake system on your Slingshot, follow these steps:
1. Park the vehicle on a flat, level surface, vehicles with AutoDrive leave in neutral, vehicles with
manual transmission, leave in gear. Then set the parking brake.
2. Take a close look at each tire. 
Inspect the tire sidewalls, road contact surface and tread base. If inspection reveals punctures, cuts, cracks or other wear
or damage, replace the tire before driving the vehicle.
Verify there is sufficient tread depth. Measure the tread depth near the center of the tread on both tires.
Replace a front tire when the tread depth wears to the minimum of 1.6 mm.
Replace the rear tire when tread depth wears to a minimum of 3.5 mm.
Inspect the tire pressure and verify it is set to specification. R eference the Owner's Manual  or tire pressure label on your
vehicle for the correct specification.
3. Remove the wheels from the vehicle. 
Begin by loosening the lug nuts with a 17mm socket and breaker bar while the vehicle is on the ground but do not
remove at this time.
Safely elevate the vehicle by positioning an appropriate floor jack under the frame at the side or rear of the vehicle, near
the wheel to be removed.
If removing the rear wheel, place wheel chocks at the front of both front wheels to prevent rolling.
Once safely elevated, remove the lug nuts, and set aside. 
Remove the wheels and set aside. 
4. Open the hood and inspect the fluid level and condition in the master cylinder located on the
driver’s side of the vehicle.
5. Ensure the level is between the upper (MAX) and lower (MIN) level lines. If it is low, clean around
the cap and add brake fluid as necessary from a new and unopened bottle. Apply the brake
forcefully for a few seconds and check for fluid leakage around the fittings.  Note: Do not allow
brake fluid to contact painted surfaces or paint damage may occur.
6. Inspect all brake hoses and connections for dampness or stains from leaking or dried fluid.
Tighten any leaking connections and replace components as necessary.
7. Check the brake pedal for excessive travel or a spongy feel.
8. Inspect the rotor to ensure tightness to the hub.
9. Take a look at the brake pads and check for wear, damage and looseness.
Inspect the brake discs for nicks, scratches, cracks or other damage. Clean any grease using an approved brake cleaner or
alcohol.
Inspect the brake disc pad wear surface. 
For standard pads, change when worn to 0.06 in (1.5 mm).
For Brembo® rotor pads, change when worn to 0.011 in (2.67 mm).
Inspect the thickness of each brake disc at four or more locations around the disc for excessive wear. 
For standard rotors, change when worn to 0.75 in (19 mm). 
For Brembo® rotors, change when worn to 0.94 in (24 mm). 
If any disc is worn to the minimum thickness at the thinnest point, or if a disc is damaged, see your dealer for
replacement.
Check that the rotor is tightened adequately to the hub.
10. Install wheels ensuring the valve stem is toward the outside and rotation arrows on the tire point
toward forward rotation. 
11. Reinstall the lug nuts and finger-tighten.
12. Lower the vehicle until the tires begin to touch the ground and tighten all wheel nuts in a star
pattern and  torque to 75 ft-lbs (102 Nm). 
13. Lower the vehicle completely and remove the floor jack.
For more information, see your authorized Slingshot Dealer. Find a dealer near you with the  Dealer
Locator .
Maintenance tips, procedures and specifications can be found in your  Owner's Manual .
To find diagrams and replacement part numbers, use the  online parts catalog .
YouTube® is a r egistered trademark o f Google LL C
Brembo® is a r egistered trademark o f Freni Br embo S.p.A. C orp o f Italy
Unless not ed, tr ademarks ar e the pr operty of Polaris Industr ies Inc.
© 2025 P olaris Industr ies Inc.
Was this article helpful?
Yes, it answers my question
No, it's missing information or visuals
No, the instructions are unclear
No, What are the next steps?