© 20 25 Lexus, A Division of Toyota  Motor Sales, USA  
  Lexus, A Division of Toyota Motor Sales, USA, Inc.  
6565 Headquarters Drive  
Plano, TX 75024  
(469) 292 -4000  
  
Original Publication Date: January 24, 2025   
  
To: All Lexus Dealer Principals, General Managers, Service Managers, Parts Managers and Warranty Administrators  
  
SPECIAL SERVICE CAMPAIGN  24LC04 (Remedy  Notice ) 
 
Certain 2022 -2024 Model Year Lexus LX600  
Engine Electronic Control Unit (ECU) Reprogram  
 
 
Model / Years  Production Period  Approximate Total Vehicles  
2022 -2024 LX600  Late July 2021 to Late May 2024  14,400  
 
Reason for Campaign  
Lexus provided certain specifications for horsepower when the LX600 was introduced into the market.  It was recently discover ed that 
these vehicles may have a horsepower rating lower than those specifications.  
Remedy   
To ensure  that the vehicle meets its intended horsepower rating, any authorized Lexus dealer will reprogram the engine control software in 
the Electronic Control Unit (ECU)  FREE OF CHARGE . 
 
Covered Vehicles  
There are approximately  14,400  vehicles covered by this Special Service Campaign . Approximately 100 vehicles involved in this Special 
Service Campaign were distributed to Puerto Rico.  
 
Owner Letter Mailing Date  
Lexus  will begin to notify owners in mid -February  2025. A sample of the owner notification letter has been included for your reference.   
 
Lexus makes significant effort to obtain current guest name and address information from each state through industry resource s when mailing 
owner letters. In the event your dealership receives a notice for a vehicle that was sold prior to the Special Servi ce Campaign announcement, 
it is the dealership’s responsibility to forward the owner letter to the guest who purchased the vehicle.  
 
Please note that only owners of the covered vehicles will be notified. If you are contacted by an owner who has not yet recei ved a notification, 
please verify eligibility by confirming through TIS prior to performing repairs . Dealers should perform the repair as outlined in the Technical 
Instructions found on TIS.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Sp e c i a l  S e r v i c e  C a m p a i g n  2 4 L C 0 4  - P a g e  | 2 
© 20 25 Lexus, A Division of Toyota  Motor Sales, USA  
  
 
Dealer Inventory Procedures  
 
 
New and Used Vehicles in Dealership Inventory ( In-Stock Vehicles)  
To ensure guest satisfaction, Lexus requests that dealers complete this Special Service Campaign  on any new or used vehicles currently in 
dealer inventory that are covered by this Special Service Campaign  prior to guest delivery. However, if the campaign cannot be completed 
(for example, due to remedy parts availability), delivery of a covered vehicle is acceptable if disclosed to the guest that t he vehicle is involved 
in a Special Service Campaign . 
 
Lexus expects dealers to visit https://lexus -recall -disclosure.imagespm.info/  and complete a Guest Contact and Vehicle Disclosure Form. 
Dealers are expected to provide a copy of the completed form, along with the most current FAQ, to the vehicle buyer.  
 
NOTE:   Dealers can identify if any of their new and used inventory has any open campaigns in the Vehicle Inventory Summary  
available in Dealer Daily ( https://dealerdaily.lexus.com/  ). The Vehicle Inventory Summary may take up to 4 hours to populate  
information for newly launched campaigns.  
 
Lexus Certified  Used Vehicle (LCUV)  
The LCertified  policy prohibits the certification of any vehicle with an outstanding Safety Recall, Special Service Campaign, or Limited -Service 
Campaign.  Thus, no affected units are to be designated, sold, or delivered as a  LCertified  until all applicable Safety Recalls, Special Service 
Campaigns, and Limited -Service Campaigns have been completed on that vehicle.  
 
 
Guest  Handling, Parts Ordering, and Remedy Procedures  
 
 
Guest  Contacts  
Guests who receive the owner letter may contact your dealership with questions regarding the letter and/or the Special Servic e Campaign. 
Please welcome them to your dealership and answer any questions that they may have. A Q&A is provided to ensure a consi stent message is 
communicated.  
 
Guests with additional questions or concerns are asked to please contact the Lexus Brand Engagement Center (1 -800 -255 -3987) - 
Monday through Friday, 8:00 am to 8:00 pm, Saturday 9:00 am to 7:00 pm Eastern Time.  
 
Salvage Title Vehicles  
Every attempt should be made to complete an open Special Service Campaign when circumstances permit, unless noted otherwise i n the 
SSC dealer's letter.  
 
For complete details on this policy, refer to Lexus Warranty Policy 4.17 , “What Is Not Covered by The Lexus New Vehicle Limited Warranty.”  
 
Media Contacts  
It is imperative that all media contacts (local and national) receive a consistent message. In this regard, all media contact s must be directed to 
the Lexus Newsroom https://pressroom.lexus.com/   
 
Technician Training Requirements  
The repair quality of covered vehicles is extremely important to Lexus. All dealership technicians performing this repair are  required to 
successfully complete the most current version of the E -Learning course “Safety Recall and Service Campaign Essentials ”. To ensure that all 
vehicles have the repair performed correctly; technicians performing this repair are required to have completed the following  course:  
 
• LIC206 A 
 
Always check which technicians can perform the re pair  by logging on to https://www.uotdealerreports.com . It is the dealership’s responsibility 
to select technicians with the above certification level or greater to perform this repair. Carefully review your resources, the technician skill 
level, and ability before assigning technicians to this repair. It is im portant to consider technician days off and vacation schedules to ensure 
there are professionally trained  technicians available to perform this repair at all times.  
 
Remedy Procedures  
Refer to TIS for Technical Instructions on repair.  Conduct all non -completed Safety Recalls and Service Campaigns on the vehicle during the 
time of appointment.  
 
Sp e c i a l  S e r v i c e  C a m p a i g n  2 4 L C 0 4  - P a g e  | 3 
© 20 25 Lexus, A Division of Toyota  Motor Sales, USA  
  
Repair Quality Confirmation  
The repair quality of covered vehicles is extremely important to Lexus . To help ensure that all vehicles have the repair performed correctly, 
please designate at least one associate (someone other than the individual who performed the repair) to verify the repair qua lity of every 
vehicle prior to guest  delivery.  
 
Emissions Repair Procedures for California Dealers   
As this Special Service Campaign includes emission related parts, California dealers are requested to fill out the Vehicle Em issions Recall – 
Proof of Correction form and affix an Authorized Modification Label to the vehicle after repairs have been complet ed.  
 
The vehicle owner may require the Proof of Correction form for vehicle registration 
renewal. It is important to note that the forms are an official state document,  and blank forms 
must be secured to prevent misuse.  
Please complete the form and provide it to the owner. The first non -completed VINs will be 
submitted to the California state DMV by early [ July 2025 ]. If the vehicle owner’s warranty 
claim will not be processed and paid prior to this date, please be sure to complete a form 
and provide it to a California owner.  
 
Install the Authorized Modifications Label after the repairs have been completed. 
Using a permanent marker, fill out the label and affix it to the location under the hood 
as indicted.  
 
Form booklets and Authorization Labels can be ordered from the MDC (Booklet 
material number 00410 -92007, Label material number 00451 -00001 -LBL ). 
  

 
Sp e c i a l  S e r v i c e  C a m p a i g n  2 4 L C 0 4  - P a g e  | 4 
© 20 25 Lexus, A Division of Toyota  Motor Sales, USA  
  
Warranty Reimbursement Procedures  
 
 
Warranty Reimbursement Procedure  
 
 
Op Code  Description  Flat Rate Hours  
24LC04R1  ECU Reprogramming  0.8  
 
• The flat rate times include 0.1 hours for administrative cost per unit for the dealership.  
• In the rare case that vehicle’s ECU contains the latest calibration ID (no software update needed), use opcode 24LC04R1.  
• Lexus’ usual customer care amenities of car wash and fuel fill -up apply to this Special Service Campaign . Additionally, a maximum of one 
day of rental vehicle expense (at a maximum rate of $55.00 per day) while the vehicle is being remedied or the cost of pick -up and 
redelivery of the customer’s car may be claimed if required and subject to the guidelines pu blished in the Safety Recall and Special Service 
Campaign General Procedures document on TIS.  
 
Claim Filing Accuracy and Correction Requests  
It is the dealer’s responsibility to file claims correctly for this Special Service Campaign. This claim filing information i s used by Lexus for various 
government reporting activities; therefore, claim filing accuracy is crucial. If it has been identified  that a claim has been filed using an incorrect 
Op Code or a claim has been filed for an incorrect VIN, refer to Warranty Procedure Bulletin PRO17 -03 to correct the claim.  
 
Thank you for your cooperation.  
LEXUS, A DIVISION OF TOYOTA MOTOR SALES, U.S.A., INC.  

FAQ Page 1 of 2 
© 20 25 Lexus, A Division of Toyota  Motor Sales, USA  
    
 
 
SPECIAL SERVICE CAMPAIGN 24LC04 (Remedy ) 
 
Certain 2022 -2024 Model Year Lexus LX600  
Engine  Electronic Control Unit  (ECU ) Reprogram  
Frequently Asked Questions  
Original Publi cation Date : January 24 , 202 5 
 
Q1: What is the reason for this campaign ? 
A1: Lexus provided certain specifications for horsepower  when the LX600 was introduced into the market.  It was recently discovered 
that these vehicles may have a horsepower rating lower than those specifications.   
 
Q1a:  Is this noticeable when driving?   
A1a:  No, it is unlikely that an owner will notice any lack of power when driving the vehicle.  
 
Q2: What is Lexus  going to do ? 
A2: To ensure that your vehicle meets its intended horsepower rating, any a uthorized Lexus dealer will reprogram the engine control 
software in the Electronic Control Unit (ECU)  FREE OF CHARGE . 
 
NOTE ( Guests  who live in the state of California )  
The state of California requires the completion of Safety Recalls / Service Campaigns on emission related parts prior to vehicle 
registration renewal. In addition, the State requires that every vehicle must pass an emission test (SMOG Check) every two year s 
and before it is sold. Without the completion of this FREE  Special Service Campaign , the California Air Res ources  Board (CARB) 
will not allow your vehicle to be registered. State of California Regulations require Lexus to provide the Department of Motor 
Vehicles with a record of all vehicles that have not had the Special Service Campaign completed.  
 
Your Lexus  dealer will provide you with a Vehicle Emissions Recall Proof of Correction Form after the campaign has been 
completed. Please ensure you retain this form, because the DMV may require that you supply proof that the campaign has been completed during your vehicle registration renewal process.  
 
Q3: Which and how many vehicles are covered by this Special Service Campaign ? 
A3: There are approximately 14, 400  vehicles covered by this Special Service Campaign . Approximately 100 vehicles involved in this 
Special Service Campaign  were distributed to Puerto Rico.  
 
 
Model Name  Model Year  Production Period  
LX600  2022 -2024  Late July 2021 to Late May 2024  
 
 
Q4: Are there any other Lexus/Toyota/Scion vehicles covered by this Special Service Campaign in the U.S.?  
A4: No, only certain 2022 -2024 Model Year Lexus LX600 equipped with V35A engine vehicles are covered by this Special service 
Campaign.  
 
 
  
 
 

FAQ Page 2 of 2 
© 20 25 Lexus, A Division of Toyota  Motor Sales, USA  
 Q5: How long will the software reprogram  take?  
A5: The reprogram  takes approximately  one hour.  However, depending upon the dealer’s  work schedule, it may be necessary to make 
the vehicle available for a longer period of time.  
 
 
Q6: How does Lexus  obtain my mailing information?  
A6: Lexus  uses an industry provider who works with each state’s Department of Motor Vehicles (DMV) to receive registration or title 
information, based upon the DMV records. Please make sure your registration or title information is correct.  
 
Q7: What if I have addition al questions or concerns?  
A7: If you have additional questions or concerns, please contact the Lexus Brand Engagement Center (1 -800 -255- 3987) - Monday 
through Friday, 8:00 am to 8:00 pm, Saturday 9:00 am to 7:00 pm Eastern Time.  
 
 