GENERAL MOTORS  
DCS 7164  
URGENT - DISTRIBUTE IMMEDIATELY  
 
Date:  March 4 , 2025 
  
Subject:  N242486200 - Service Update  
 Sunroof Pigtail Wire Undersized for Fuse  
  
Models:  2024 Chevrolet Equinox EV  
   
  
General Motors is releasing  Service Update N242486200 today.    
What Should Dealers Do:  Dealers should review IVH or the Dealer Maxis reports 
for open VINs in their inventory.   Dealers can view the attached bulletin and it 
will also be displayed in Service Information tomorrow .   
A Stock VIN list is not included as our records show there are no vehicles in 
dealer new inventory . 
 
 
END OF MESSAGE  
Service Update  
N242486200  Sunroof Pigtail Wire Undersized for Fuse   
 
 Page 1 of 4 
 
Release Date : March  2025 Revision : 00  
 
Attention:  This service update include s vehicles in dealer inventory and customer vehicles that return to the 
dealership for any reason. This bulletin will expire at the end of the involved vehicle’s New Vehicle Limited 
Warranty period.  
For EV Involved Vehicles: The repairs outlined in this bulletin must only be completed at an authorized 
EV dealer and repairs must be performed by a technician who has successfully completed the 
applicable  technical training required to perform this repair.   
 
Make  Model  Model Year  
From  To 
Chevrolet  Equinox EV  2024  2024  
Investigate Vehicle History (IVH) in the GM Global Warranty Management system should always be checked to confirm 
vehicle involvement prior to beginning any required inspections and/or repairs . 
Condition  Certain vehicles listed above may have a condition in which the Sunroof Jumper Harness is not fully 
protected by the fuse.  
Correction  Dealers will inspect and verify that the fuse and fuse cover ar e correct and replace the fuse and fuse 
cover as necessary.  
Parts  
Quantity  Part Name  Part No.  
As Req’d  COVER, ENG WRG HARN J/BLK  85721128  
As Req’d  25A Fuse  84490336   
Note:  Use the VIN and the GM Electronic Parts Catalog  (EPC) to determine which cover  to order.  
Reminder:  Parts may be removed from SPRINT and Retail Inventory Management (RIM) and be non -returnable.  Dealers 
should review the affected parts to confirm RIM managed status.  Parts may have quantity limiters in effect.  There are a 
small number of vehicles antic ipated that will need this fix.   Due to the limited initial parts availability, dealers are 
encouraged not to order these parts for use as shelf stock.  
Warranty Information  
Labor 
Operation  Description  Labor 
Time  Trans. 
Type  Net 
Item 
9107848  Inspect Only – No Further Action Required  0.2 ZFAT  N/A 9107849  Replace Fuse and Fuse Block Cover  0.3 
Service Procedure  
 
1. Locate the X50A Engine Wiring Harness Junction Block, refer to Electrical Component Locator and Harness Routing 
Views in SI for component location.  
Service Update  
N242486200 Sunroof Pigtail Wire Undersized for Fuse   
 
  Page 2 of 4 
  
6836651  
2. Remove the Fuse Block Cover and verify the cover lists a 25A fuse in location F63. If 40A is listed as shown above, 
the Fuse Block Cover MUST be replaced.  

Service Update  
N242486200 Sunroof Pigtail Wire Undersized for Fuse   
 
  Page 3 of 4 
  
6836650
6836655  
3. Inspect the fuse located in the F63 position of the fuse block. If there is a 40A fuse at location F63, it MUST be 
replaced with a 25A fuse.  
4. If F63 contains a 25A fuse and the cover correctly lists a 25A fuse for F63, no further action is required.  
5. Reassemble the fuse block and verify the sunroof operates as designed.  
Dealer Responsibility   
Whenever a vehicle subject to this service update enters your vehicle inventory or is in your facility for service in the 
future, and the vehicle is still covered under the New Vehicle Limited Warranty, you must take the steps necessary to be 
sure the serv ice update correction has been made before selling or releasing the vehicle.  
All new, used, GM Certified Pre -Owned (CPO), courtesy transportation vehicles, dealer shuttle vehicles, CarBravo, etc. 
in dealers' possession and subject to this field action  must be held and inspected/repaired per the service procedure of 
this bulletin before customers take possession of these vehicles. Involved vehicles must be held and not delivered to 
customers, dealer -traded, released to auction, used for demonstration, o r any other purpose.  
 

Service Update  
N242486200 Sunroof Pigtail Wire Undersized for Fuse   
 
  Page 4 of 4 
  
All GM Certified Pre -Owned (CPO) vehicles currently in the dealers’ inventory within the SHIFT Digital system will be 
de-certified and must be held and remedied per the service procedure in this bulletin. Upon submitting an accepted/paid 
warranty transaction in the Global Warranty Managem ent (GWM) system, the vehicle can be re -certified for sale within 
the SHIFT Digital system, or once again be used in the Courtesy Transportation Program.  
 
Dealer Reports  – For USA & Export  
The Inventory tab of the Open Vehicle Report will contain Service Update Bulletin VINs that apply to this field action.  
This information is intended to assist dealers with the  PROMPT COMPLETION  of these vehicles.  The Customer In -
Service tab will not contain Service Update Bulletin VIN data because the intent of a Service Update Bulletin is to not 
inconvenience a customer with a special trip for service.  Service Update Bulletins are to be compl eted when the 
customer is in for a regularly scheduled visit.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
GM bulletins are intended for use by professional technicians, NOT a " do-it-yourselfer ".  They are written to inform these technicians of 
conditions that may occur on some vehicles, or to provide information that could assist in the proper service of a vehicle.  Properly tr ained 
technicians have the tools, equipment, safety instructions, and know -how to do a job properly and safely.  If a condition is described, DO NOT  
assume that the bulletin applies to your vehicle, or that your vehicle will have that condi tion.  See your dealer for information on whether your 
vehicle may benefit from the information.    
 We Support 
Voluntary Technician 
Certification  
 
