Copyright 2025 General Motors. All Rights Reserved.Bulletin No.: 23-NA-064
Service BulletinDate: January, 2025
INFORMATION
Information on Transportation / Logistics Mode
Brand: Model: Model Year: Breakpoint: Engine: Transmission:
from to from to
BrightDrop
Passenger Cars and
Light/Medium Duty
Trucks2020 2026 — — All AllBuick
Cadillac
Chevrolet
GMC
Involved Region or CountryNorth America, Argentina, Brazil, Bolivia, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador, Paraguay, Peru,
Uruguay, Venezuela, Europe, Uzbekistan, Russia, Middle East, Iraq, Israel, Palestine,
Japan, Cadillac Korea (South Korea), GM Korea Company, China, Taiwan, Thailand,
Singapore, Philippines, Australia/New Zealand, Egypt, Other Africa, South AfricaSubject:
Summary
Important: This technical service bulletin (TSB) can only be completed by certified repair facilities who have met all
specific training, tool and equipment requirements pertaining to the vehicle Brand and Model serviced. Repairs must
be performed by a technician who has successfully completed the required training.
Important: Service agents must comply with all International, Federal, State, Provincial, and/or Local laws
applicable to the activities it performs under this bulletin, including but not limited to handling, deploying,
preparing, classifying, packaging, marking, labeling, and shipping dangerous goods. In the event of a
conflict between the procedures set forth in this bulletin and the laws that apply to your dealership, you
must follow those applicable laws.
Transport Mode Feature, also known as Logistics mode, is used to increase the 12V Battery stand time of the
vehicle during transit and or extended period of stand time at the dealerships. It is used to put modules on the
vehicle into a low power mode, reducing the electrical parasitic load on the battery when the vehicle is standing for
extended period of time. In this mode, stand time can be extended up to 70 days by reducing vehicle drain down to
as low as 10 mA depending on vehicle and content.
Important: Vehicles that are shipped from the assembly plant with Transport Mode On, turning the feature Off into
Customer Mode is included in the normal PDI process time. No additional warranty claims should be submitted to
disable or enable this feature.
The modules that participate in Transport Mode are the Body Control Module (BCM), Radio, Front Camera Module,
Running Boards, Onstar, HVAC, Rear Wheel Steering Control Module and more to come in the future. The major
contributor to transport mode is the BCM; it shortens the Retained Accessory Power (RAP) time down to 1 minute,
disables Approach Detection, eye catching lighting features, comfort features like heated seats and steering wheel,
etc.
Some other features that are disabled in Transport mode if equipped are:
• HVAC and Radio features (Ignition Off)
• Passive and remote keyless entry
• Perimeter lighting
Page 2 January, 2025 Bulletin No.: 23-NA-064
• Automatic running boards
• Liftgate or tailgate
• eTrunk (if equipped)
• Active safety features
• Charging above approximately 30% (program specific value)
Transport Mode Procedure
6308497
To alert the driver that Transport Mode On is enabled, the red battery Tell Tale light will be flashing and if equipped
with a Driver Information Center (DIC), it will display a Transport Mode On message as shown in the picture above.
Important: Logistics mode should be left ON while the vehicle is in dealer inventory.
Transport Mode can be enabled with the scan tool or manually on-vehicle. The method to turn the mode Off is the
same to turn the mode On.
Enabling Transport Mode:
1. Start the vehicle.
2. Press and HOLD Brake pedal.
3. Activate the hazard flashers.
4. Then press and hold the ignition mode switch for more than 15 seconds.
5. Transport Mode On message will display on the DIC, if equipped and the Battery Warning light will flash.
Note: Auto Shutdown Disabled may come up on some vehicles. Transport mode state is changed immediately after
this message.
6. Repeat steps 1 through 4 to disable into Customer Mode.
Important: Refer to Service Information for the transport mode procedure as certain vehicles could vary.
Enabling/Disabling Transport Mode (Corvette)
1. Press and HOLD Brake pedal.
2. Activate the hazard flashers.
3. Then press and hold the ignition mode switch for more than 15 seconds (the engine will start).
Note: Transport on DIC message will display, and the red battery icon will flash. (Procedure complete)
4. Repeat the above steps to toggle Transport Mode Off.
Bulletin No.: 23-NA-064 January, 2025 Page 3
Enabling/Disabling Transport Mode on EVs with Passive Power Mode (Blazer EV and Silverado EV WT):
1. Connect the scan tool to the vehicle.
2. Launch Techline Connect and open GDS2.
3. GDS2 Path: Module Diagnostics/Body Control Module/Power Mode/Transport Mode
4. Select the appropriate button at the bottom of the screen:
6379540
Disable to turn Transport Mode OFF (1), Enable to turn Transport Mode ON (2) and the parameter Value
indicates the vehicle current mode (3), as shown in the picture above.
Page 4 January, 2025 Bulletin No.: 23-NA-064
6379797
5. When Transport Mode is enabled, a message will display on the DIC (1), and the Battery Warning light (2), as
shown in the photo above will flash.
6. Repeat steps 1 through 4 and select Disable to enter Customer Mode.
Enabling/Disabling Transport Mode on EVs with Passive Power Mode (Equinox EV / Silverado EV RST /
Sierra EV):
1. Place vehicle into START/PROPULSION mode.
Bulletin No.: 23-NA-064 January, 2025 Page 5
6614624
2. In the radio display, find and select the “Settings” app.
6614628
3. Select “Vehicle” from the drop-down list.
Page 6 January, 2025 Bulletin No.: 23-NA-064
6614630
4. Scroll down to the “Transport Mode” selection and enable/disable as required.
5. The desired Transport mode selection will be applied on the next key cycle.
6614635
6. When Transport Mode is enabled, a message will display on the DIC (1), and the Battery Warning light (2), as
shown in the photo above will flash.
Bulletin No.: 23-NA-064 January, 2025 Page 7
GM bulletins are intended for use by professional technicians, NOT a "do-it-yourselfer" . They are written to inform these
technicians of conditions that may occur on some vehicles, or to provide information that could assist in the proper
service of a vehicle. Properly trained technicians have the equipment, tools, safety instructions, and know-how to do a job
properly and safely. If a condition is described, DO NOT assume that the bulletin applies to your vehicle, or that your
vehicle will have that condition. See your GM dealer for information on whether your vehicle may beneﬁt from the
information.
WE SUPPORT VOLUNTARY
TECHNICIAN
CERTIFICATIONVersion 8
ModifiedReleased April 03, 2023
Revised June 30, 2023 – Added Enabling/Disabling Transport Mode on EVs with Passive
Power Mode section.
Revised April 16, 2024 – Added two bulleted items under Summary, updated title to
Enabling/Disabling Transport Mode on EVs with Passive Power Mode (Blazer EV and
Silverado EV WT) and added Enabling/Disabling Transport Mode on EVs with Passive
Power Mode (Silverado EV RST / Sierra EV) section.
Revised April 29, 2024 – Added BrightDrop Models.
Revised May 16, 2024 – Added Equinox EV to Enabling/Disabling Transport Mode on
EVs with Passive Power Mode.
Revised September 20, 2024 – Added the 2025 Model Year.
Revised December 05, 2024 – Updated step 2 and added a Note under Enabling
Transport Mode.
Revising January 29, 2025 – Added the 2026 Model Year and Enabling/Disabling
Transport Mode (Corvette) section.