Copyright 2025 General Motors. All Rights Reserved.GM bulletins are intended for use by professional technicians, NOT a "do-it-yourselfer" . They are written to inform these
technicians of conditions that may occur on some vehicles, or to provide information that could assist in the proper
service of a vehicle. Properly trained technicians have the equipment, tools, safety instructions, and know-how to do a job
properly and safely. If a condition is described, DO NOT assume that the bulletin applies to your vehicle, or that your
vehicle will have that condition. See your GM dealer for information on whether your vehicle may beneﬁt from the
information.
WE SUPPORT VOLUNTARY
TECHNICIAN
CERTIFICATIONBulletin No.: 25-NA-033
Service BulletinDate: February, 2025
INFORMATION
Information on Removing Fleet Keys
 
Brand: Model: Model Year: VIN: Engine: Transmission:
from to from to
Chevrolet Tahoe 2024 2025 - - All All
 
Involved Region or Country North America
Additional Options (RPOs) Equipped with 6E2/6E8Subject:
 
Service Procedure
Important: Service agents must comply with all International, Federal, State, Provincial, and/or Local laws
applicable to the activities it performs under this bulletin, including but not limited to handling, deploying,
preparing, classifying, packaging, marking, labeling, and shipping dangerous goods. In the event of a
conflict between the procedures set forth in this bulletin and the laws that apply to your dealership, you
must follow those applicable laws.
This procedure will require new key fobs and new lock cylinders coded to match the -6E2 or -6E8 code.
The BCM will have to be programmed with a special calibration in order to convert the vehicle and remove either
6E2 or 6E8 Fleet Key depending on the fleet RPO selected.
This will require contacting the Techline Customer Support Center (TCSC) (1-800-828-6860 English or
1-800-503-3222 French) to open a case and have them change the BCM calibration to remove 6E2 or 6E8. After
Calling TCSC and they have added the first new calibration Program the BCM. After programming the BCM delete
all key fobs.
After programming the BCM and deleting the key fobs TCSC will add another calibration to the BCM. After
the second programming event please perform IMMO with 'Body Control Module IMMO Learn with New Trans-
ponder or Remote Key' Replace the lock Cylinder and Key blades.
 
Version 1
Modified Released February 19, 2025