Copyright 2025 General Motors. All Rights Reserved.Bulletin No.: PIE0811A
Service BulletinDate: January, 2025
ENGINEERING INFORMATION
Engineering Information - Service Engine Soon, Service Emission System,
and/or Service Exhaust Fluid System Message on Driver Information Center
(DIC), DTCs P249C, P20E8 Set
Proceed with this EI ONLY if the customer has commented about this
concern AND the PIE number is listed in the Global Warranty
Management / Investigate History link (GWM/IVH). If the customer has not
commented about this condition or the EI does not show in GWM/IVH,
disregard the PIE, and proceed with diagnostics found in published
service information. THIS IS NOT A RECALL refer to Service Bulletin
04-00-89-053 for more details on the use of Engineering Information
bulletins.
This EI has been revised to add Breakpoint and Note under Correction. Please discard
PIE0811.
Brand: Model: Model Year: Breakpoint: Engine: Transmission
:from to from to
Chevrolet Silverado 1500
2024 2025ONLY for vehicles having
under 3000 milesEquipped with 3.0L
(RPO LZ0)—
GMC Sierra 1500
 
Involved Region or Country U.S. Dealers ONLY
ConditionSome customers may comment on having one or more of the following messages
showing on the Driver Information Center (DIC).
• Service Engine Soon
• Service Emission System
• Service Exhaust Fluid System
Technicians may fine one or both DTCs set.
• P249C - Excessive Time to Enter Closed Loop Reductant Injection Control
• P20E8 - Reductant Low Pressure
CauseGM Engineering is attempting to determine the root cause of the above condition.
Engineering has a need to gather information on vehicles PRIOR to repair that may
exhibit this condition. As a result, this information will be used to "root cause" the
customer's concern and develop/validate a field fix.Subject:
Attention:
Correction
Important: Service agents must comply with all International, Federal, State, Provincial, and/or Local laws
applicable to the activities it performs under this bulletin, including but not limited to handling, deploying,
preparing, classifying, packaging, marking, labeling, and shipping dangerous goods. In the event of a
conflict between the procedures set forth in this bulletin and the laws that apply to your dealership, you
must follow those applicable laws.
Page 2 January, 2025 Bulletin No.: PIE0811A
If you encounter a vehicle with the above concern, perform the following steps and contact the engineer listed below:
Note: DEF consumption and gauge issues especially when towing, they need to review bulletin 24-NA-196.
For the DEF pump function issues, they need to refer to bulletin 22-NA-150. The Engineering Investigation is
specific to DEF system leaks and relate codes ONLY, and any calls related to other subjects cannot be
answer.
1. Perform a Reductant System Leak Test. Does the test pass?
1.1. If yes, refer to SI for the diagnostic procedure for DTC P249C and/or P20E8.
6793855
1.2. If no, is there a leak at the Emission Reduction Fluid Exhaust Front Pipe Injector Supply Pipe, or at one of
the two connections to the Reductant Fluid Injector, or the Emission Reduction Fluid Pump Outlet Port, as
shown in the picture above.
Note: If possible, take a clear close-up picture of the connection interface, as shown in the picture above.
1.3. If no, refer to SI for the diagnostic procedure for DTC P249C and/or P20E8.
1.4. If yes, is the Emission Reduction Fluid Exhaust Front Pipe Injector Supply Pipe or the connector
damaged in any way?
1.5. If yes, replace the Emission Reduction Fluid Exhaust Front Pipe Injector Supply Pipe, perform a
Reductant System Tamper Warning Service Bay Test, and release the vehicle back to the customer.
1.6. If no, contact the engineer listed below first, then  follow the Cleaning Procedure outlined below, perform a
Reductant System Tamper Warning Service Bay Test, and release the vehicle back to the customer.
Bulletin No.: PIE0811A January, 2025 Page 3
Cleaning Procedure
6793858
6793862
The Emission Reduction Fluid Exhaust Front Pipe Injector Supply Pipe may be contaminated with crystallized
DEF in or around the connector, as shown in the pictures above. This procedure outlines the correct cleaning
procedure before attempting to re-connect the Emission Reduction Fluid Exhaust Front Pipe Injector Supply Pipe to
the Reductant Fluid Injector or the Emission Reduction Fluid Pump Outlet Port.
Page 4 January, 2025 Bulletin No.: PIE0811A
6793865
Note: This procedure cannot be performed if the Emission Reduction Fluid Exhaust Front Pipe Injector Supply Pipe
connector is contaminated with other forms of contaminants such as frame wax or dirt inside the connector, as
shown in the picture above. If this is the case, DO NOT perform the cleaning procedure as the Emission Reduction
Fluid Exhaust Front Pipe Injector Supply Pipe will need to be replaced.
1. Fill a clean container with fresh DEF.
2. Remove or pull back the heat protecting hood from the Emission Reduction Fluid Exhaust Front Pipe Injector
Supply Pipe connector end if present.
3. Fully disconnect the Emission Reduction Fluid Exhaust Front Pipe Injector Supply Pipe connector from the
Reductant Fluid Injector or the Emission Reduction Fluid Pump Outlet Port by following the Removal Procedure
outlined below (detach any clips or liners as needed for access). Wipe off any dust or dirt present on the outside
of the connector.
6793867
4. Submerge the Emission Reduction Fluid Exhaust Front Pipe Injector Supply Pipe connector end into the
container filled with DEF, ensuring the open end of the connector is facing up, as shown in the picture above,
and hold for 1 min. Swash around the connector while it is submerged in DEF for another minute to dislodge
any crystals embedded inside the connector
5. Which side is the Emission Reduction Fluid Exhaust Front Pipe Injector Supply Pipe disconnected?
Bulletin No.: PIE0811A January, 2025 Page 5
5.1. For the Reductant Fluid Injector side: To clear any contamination within the connector interface command
the Control Function: Reductant Pump at 50% duty cycle, while the connector is still in the container, for a
time span of 5 to 10 seconds.
5.2. For the Emission Reduction Fluid Pump Outlet Port side: Proceed to the next step.
6. Inspect the Emission Reduction Fluid Exhaust Front Pipe Injector Supply Pipe connector end for any remaining
crystallization and repeat the steps above if needed.
7. With a clean rag, wipe off any crystallized DEF on the male pin of the Reductant Fluid Injector or the Emission
Reduction Fluid Pump Outlet Port.
8. Re-connect the Emission Reduction Fluid Exhaust Front Pipe Injector Supply Pipe connector to the Reductant
Fluid Injector or the Emission Reduction Fluid Pump Outlet Port as per the installation procedure outlined below
immediately to avoid re-crystallization. Re-install heat protecting hood if applicable.
Removal Procedure
6793870
Depress the tab (3) while pushing the female side (1) towards male connector (2) and pull female side (1) straight
out to disconnect, as shown in the picture above.
Page 6 January, 2025 Bulletin No.: PIE0811A
Installation Procedure
6793888
Push the Female Side (1) towards the male connector (2) all the way in, until an audible click is heard (if no audible
click is heard, pull on the female connector (1) outward to ensure retention). Some connectors may have a locking
tab that pops up, activate the locking tab by pressing down on the tab (3) (while keeping pressure towards the male
connector (2)). Once latched, pull on the female connector (1) outward to ensure connection is made, as shown in
the picture above.
Contact Information
Please include the following information if leaving a message:
- Technician name
- Dealer name and phone number
- Complete VIN and repair order (R.O) number
On the repair order, document the date and time the call was placed (even if the engineer was not reached).
If engineering is unable to return the call within one hour, proceed with diagnosis and repair based on information
found in SI.
 
Warranty Information
If an engineer was contacted or required information was provided, use:
Labor Operation Description Labor Time
4089408*Engineering Information - Service Engine Soon, Service
Emission System, Service Exhaust Fluid System Message on
(DIC), DTCs Set1.0 Hrs.
*This is a unique Labor Operation for bulletin use only.The Contact Information has been redacted.
Bulletin No.: PIE0811A January, 2025 Page 7
GM bulletins are intended for use by professional technicians, NOT a "do-it-yourselfer" . They are written to inform these
technicians of conditions that may occur on some vehicles, or to provide information that could assist in the proper
service of a vehicle. Properly trained technicians have the equipment, tools, safety instructions, and know-how to do a job
properly and safely. If a condition is described, DO NOT assume that the bulletin applies to your vehicle, or that your
vehicle will have that condition. See your GM dealer for information on whether your vehicle may beneﬁt from the
information.
WE SUPPORT VOLUNTARY
TECHNICIAN
CERTIFICATION 
Version 2
Modified Released January 08, 2025
Revised January 21, 2025 - Added Breakpoint and Note under Correction.