Bulletin Number: WRB-25;  Date: 02/14/25         Page 1 of 16
PRODUCT CAMPAIGN BULLETIN
Continued...
CAUTION: VEHICLE SERVICING PERFORMED BY UNTRAINED PERSONS COULD 
RESULT IN SERIOUS INJURY TO THOSE PERSONS OR TO OTHERS.
Subaru Service Bulletins are intended for use by professional technicians ONLY . They 
are written to inform those technicians of conditions that may occur in some vehicles, 
or to provide information that could assist in the proper servicing of the vehicle. Properly 
trained technicians have the equipment, tools, safety instructions, and know-how to 
do the job correctly and safely. If a condition is described, DO NOT assume that this 
Service Bulletin applies to your vehicle, or that your vehicle will have that condition.Subaru of America, Inc. is  
ISO 14001 Compliant
ISO 14001 is the international standard for 
excellence in Environmental Management 
Systems. Please recycle or dispose of 
automotive products in a manner that is friendly 
to our environment and in accordance with all 
local, state and federal laws and regulations. NUMBER: WRB-25
 DATE: 02/14/25
 NHTSA ID: 25V-033 APPLICABILITY: 2025MY Forester
 SUBJECT: Safety Recall and Stop Sale – Incorrect  
  Wheel Lug Seat Surface
Subaru of America, Inc. (Subaru) has initiated a safety recall for certain 2025 model year Forester 
Limited vehicles equipped with 18-inch aluminum alloy wheels. 
Description of the Defect and Safety Risk
The affected vehicles may be equipped with 18-inch aluminum alloy wheels manufactured with an 
incorrectly specified lug seat surface. The incorrectly specified lug seat surface could affect vehicle 
stability, increasing the risk of a crash.
Remedy
For all potentially affected vehicles, Subaru retailers will inspect all four wheels and replace any 
wheel(s) found to have an incorrectly specified lug seat surface with correctly manufactured one(s).
Affected Vehicles
A total of 20,366 U.S. vehicles will be affected by this recall, as listed below. Not all vehicles in the 
production range listed are affected by this recall. Coverage must be confirmed by using the Vehicle 
Coverage Inquiry function on subarunet.com prior to repair. 
Model Year Carline Production Date Range
2025 Forester April 5, 2024 – October 15, 2024
Retailer Responsibility
Please be advised that it is a violation of Federal law for a dealer to deliver a new motor vehicle 
covered by a recall under a sale or lease until the defect is remedied. Therefore, any Authorized 
Subaru Retailer failing to perform the applicable service procedures to correct all affected 
vehicles in their inventory prior to the vehicle being placed in service may be subject to civil 
penalties of up to $27,874 per violation (i.e., for each vehicle), as provided in 49 CFR §578.6 and 
will also be in breach of the Subaru Dealer Agreement.ATTENTION:
GENERAL MANAGER q
PARTS MANAGER q
CLAIMS PERSONNEL q
SERVICE MANAGER qIMPORTANT - All 
Service Personnel 
Should Read and 
Initial in the boxes 
provided, right.
© 2025 Subaru of America, Inc.  All rights reserved. 
Bulletin Number: WRB-25;  Date: 02/14/25         Page 2 of 16
Continued...Any vehicles listed in any recall/campaign that are in retailer stock must be:
• Immediately identified
• Tagged or otherwise marked to prevent their delivery or use prior to repair
• Repaired in accordance with the repair procedures outlined in the Product Campaign Bulletin 
once the parts become available. 
Retailers are to promptly perform the applicable service procedures, to correct all affected vehicles in 
their inventory (used, demo & SSLP). Whenever a vehicle subject to this recall is taken into retailer 
inventory necessary steps should be taken to ensure the recall correction has been made before selling 
or releasing the vehicle.
Owner Notification
Subaru will notify affected vehicle owners by first class mail on February 28, 2025.
SERVICE PROCEDURE FLOW CHART:

Bulletin Number: WRB-25;  Date: 02/14/25         Page 3 of 16
Continued...PART INFORMATION: 
Part Name Part Number Qty Image
DISC WHEEL AL 18
NOTE: See below for information on 
placing part orders28111SL0409S As Needed
With 
TPMS VALVE 28194FJ001 As Needed
SELF-TAP SCREW, 
VALVE28192FJ000 As Needed
Without 
TPMSVALVE 28102AA000 As Needed

Bulletin Number: WRB-25;  Date: 02/14/25         Page 4 of 16
Continued...INFORMATION PART ORDERING FOR 18-INCH WHEELS:
If the inspection results in a wheel replacement, an email must be sent to the PICs. To ensure 
adequate inventory of wheels are available, the 18-inch wheel ( p.n. 28111SL0409S) is restricted from 
retailer ordering. Therefore, the following process MUST be followed to obtain a wheel(s).
IMPORTANT: Failure to follow the process as outlined below will delay potential part release.
Vehicles requiring wheel replacement:
Send an email to the Parts Information Coordinators (PICs) at Picemail@subaru.com . The subject 
line of the email should include reference to the WRB-25 recall, your 6- digit retailer code, the last 
8 characters of the vehicle identification number (VIN) requiring the wheel replacement, and the 
number of wheels needed (Example: WRB-25- 030291- SH123456- 1 wheel).  In addition, clear 
photos of the wheel(s) will be required. The EXAMPLE image below provides clear instructions 
on how to mark the holes on wheels that fail inspection. Clear photos of the wheel(s) with these 
markings must be attached to the email that is sent to the PICs. To ensure efficient review and order 
placement, please be sure to include the requested photo in a .jpeg format.
Upon receipt of the email, the PICs will review the information and reply to the retailer email with 
an order number, if the wheel order was placed, or requesting additional information if all of the 
requested information was not provided. If the order is placed, the retailer should expect to receive 
the wheel(s) within 2-3 business days. 

Bulletin Number: WRB-25;  Date: 02/14/25         Page 5 of 16
Continued...IMPORTANT: All 18-inch aluminum alloy wheels manufactured in November 2024 and after 
are shipped with the countermeasures. One of the five triangular indentations on the back of 
the wheel is stamped with the year and month of manufacture. Any 18-inch aluminum alloy 
wheels that were purchased as spare parts before and are subject to inspection.
REQUIRED TOOLS:
Part Name Part Number Image
WRB-25 Inspection Gauge 28199SL000
NOTE: One WRB-25 Inspection Gauge will be automatically shipped to all retailers at no cost.  
Shoulder
Bulletin Number: WRB-25;  Date: 02/14/25         Page 6 of 16
Continued...Tool Name Image Applications
Wheel Nut Socket 19mm
 For loosening and tightening wheel nuts
Tire Changer
For wheel replacement
Wheel Balancer
 Adjust the wheel balancing
Tire Pressure Gauge
 Tire air pressure adjustment
Adjustable Torque Wrench
Checking the tightening torque of 
wheel nuts
Permanent Marker
To be used when putting a mark on the 
back of the wheel after inspection of the 
wheel
NOTE: Further information regarding tire and wheel service equipment can be found on the Subaru 
Tools & Equipment website.  
Bulletin Number: WRB-25;  Date: 02/14/25         Page 7 of 16
Continued...SERVICE PROCEDURE INFORMATION:
STEP 1: Confirm the affected wheels are installed on the vehicle. The applicable wheels are ONLY 
the 18-inch wheels ( p.n. 28111SL0409S) shown below.
STEP 2: Raise the vehicle using the lift manufacturer’s specified procedures.
STEP 3: Mark the current tire position of each tire using masking tape or wax pen. 
STEP 4: Remove all four wheels.  
Bulletin Number: WRB-25;  Date: 02/14/25         Page 8 of 16
Continued...STEP 5: Slowly insert the WRB-25 Inspection Gauge into all five holes from the backside of each 
wheel. For a more accurate result, perform the inspection with the wheel positioned upright instead of 
facing down. 
NOTE: The shoulder of the gauge is 13.5mm in diameter and 15mm in length. 
CAUTION: DO NOT  insert the inspection gauge from the front side of the wheel.
Bulletin Number: WRB-25;  Date: 02/14/25         Page 9 of 16
Continued...INSPECTION RESULTS:
IMPORTANT: The inspection gauge will either stop at the 15mm shoulder or fully penetrate 
through the lug hole. Refer to the images below and additional information on the next page prior to 
proceeding. 

Bulletin Number: WRB-25;  Date: 02/14/25         Page 10 of 16
Continued...Did the inspection gauge fully penetrate through any of the wheel lug holes past the 15mm 
shoulder?
YES: Using a permanent marker or paint pen, mark the failed inspection holes with an “ X” 
on the back side of the wheel. This will prevent the failed wheels becoming confused passing 
wheels. Proceed to STEP 6.
NO: The wheels do not require replacement. Proceed to STEP 8 ONLY. 
STEP 6: Clear photos of the wheels will be required. The EXAMPLE image above provides   
clear instructions on how to mark the holes on a wheel that fail inspection. Provide clear photos of 
the affected wheels to your retailer’s parts department. The parts department can then refer to the 
information supplied on page# 4 of this bulletin for instructions on obtaining the necessary parts. 
Once all required parts are received, Proceed to STEP 7.
NOTE: Required photos are to be submitted in .jpeg formatting. 
STEP 7: Replace the affected wheel with a new wheel. Using suitable tire replacement and balancing 
equipment.  
Bulletin Number: WRB-25;  Date: 02/14/25         Page 11 of 16
Continued...IMPORTANT:
• The original tire is to be installed on the new wheel. DO NOT replace the tire. 
• Set the failed wheels aside to confirm they are not confused with usable wheels. 
• The tire valves are to be replace with every wheel replacement. DO NOT re-use the tire 
valves. 
• The center caps are not to be replaced. The original center caps MUST be transferred to the 
new wheel. 
• If the vehicle is equipped with TPMS, the original TPMS sensor is to be transferred to the 
new wheel. The sensor mounting screw will require replacement. DO NOT re-use the sensor 
mounting screw. Take particular care not to damage the tire TPMS sensors during. 
NOTE: Further information regarding tire and wheel service equipment can be found on the Subaru 
Tools & Equipment website.  
STEP 8: Did any of the wheels require replacement?
NO: Install the tire and wheel assemblies on to their original positions (indicated by the 
markings). Torque the wheels lugs to 120Nm (89 ft-lbs.). Remove the masking tape or wax 
pen markings from the tires.  
YES: Install the tire and wheel assemblies on to their original positions (indicated by the 
markings). Torque the wheels lugs to 120Nm (89 ft-lbs.). Remove the masking tape or wax 
pen markings from the tires.   Proceed to the next Step. 
CAUTION: ALWAYS confirm the wheels being installed have no “ X” markings on the inside of the 
wheel. 
STEP 9: Wheels failing the inspection process  MUST be destroyed and properly recycled. The 
wheels can be destroyed using any of the following three methods:
METHOD 1: Using a hammer and punch to deform the tire valve area. 
METHOD 2: Drill a hole in the center of the wheel.  
METHOD 3: Using a hammer and punch, puncture the center of the wheel.  
Bulletin Number: WRB-25;  Date: 02/14/25         Page 12 of 16
Continued...These methods will ensure the wheel(s) will not be able to hold any air preventing any possible re-
use.
SERVICE PROGRAM IDENTIFICATION LABEL:
Type or print the necessary information on a Campaign Identification Label. The completed label
should be attached to the vehicle’s upper radiator support.  Additional labels are available through 
normal parts ordering channels. The part number is MSA6P1302, which comes as one sheet of 20 
labels.

Bulletin Number: WRB-25;  Date: 02/14/25         Page 13 of 16
CLAIM REIMBURSEMENT AND ENTRY PROCEDURES:
Credit to perform this recall will be based on properly completed repair order information. Retailers 
may submit claims through Subarunet.com.
Labor Description Labor Operation # Labor Time Fail Code
Inspection only A613-086 0.5h
WRB-25Inspection and 1 Wheel replacement A613-186 1.1h
Inspection and 2 Wheel replacement A613-286 1.4h
Inspection and 3 Wheel replacement A613-386 1.6h
Inspection and 4 Wheel replacement A613-486 1.8h
IMPORTANT REMINDERS:
• SOA strongly discourages the printing and/or local storage of service information as previously 
released information and electronic publications may be updated at any time.
• Always check for any open recalls or campaigns anytime a vehicle is in for servicing.
• Always refer to STIS for the latest service information before performing any repairs.
Subaru of America, Inc
PO Box 9103
Camden, NJ 08101-9877
844-373-6614
www.subaru.com
Subaru Safety Recall WRB-25
NHTSA Recall ID 25V-033
February 2025IMPORTANT SAFETY RECALL
This notice applies to the VIN identified in 
the address section printed below
Dear Subaru Owner:
This notice is sent to you in accordance with the National Traffic and Motor Vehicle Safety 
Act.
Subaru of America, Inc. (Subaru) has decided that a defect which relates to motor vehicle 
safety exists in certain 2025 model year Forester vehicles. 
You received this notice because our records indicate that you currently own one of these 
vehicles. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE DEFECT AND SAFETY RISK
Your vehicle may be equipped with 18-inch aluminum alloy wheels manufactured with an 
incorrectly specified lug seat surface, which could result in the wheel being improperly 
secured. An improperly secured wheel affects vehicle stability, increasing the risk of a 
crash.
WHAT SUBARU WILL DO
Subaru will inspect all four wheels on your vehicle and replace any wheel(s) found to have 
an incorrectly specified lug seat surface, free of charge.
WHAT YOU SHOULD DO
Please contact your Subaru retailer (dealer) immediately to schedule an appointment to 
have this safety recall completed at no cost to you.
HOW LONG WILL THE REPAIR TAKE?
The inspection of your vehicle’s wheels for the defective condition will take approximately 
30 minutes. However, it may be necessary to leave your vehicle for a longer period of time 
to allow your Subaru retailer flexibility in scheduling.
If any of the wheels are defective and need replacement, your retailer will order 
replacement wheel(s) for your vehicle. The replacement process can take up to two hours, 
depending on how many wheels need to be replaced. 
If wheel replacement is necessary, your retailer will provide you with alternative 
transportation at no cost until your vehicle is ready.
OWNER INFORMATION
Government regulations require that recall notifications be sent to the last known owner of 
record. That information is based primarily on state registration and title data. If you are a 
lessor of this vehicle, federal regulations require you to forward this notice to your lessee 
within ten days.
If you have moved or sold your vehicle, please go to https://www.subaru.com/support/
customer-support.html to send us your information. 
IF YOU HAVE PREVIOUSLY PAID FOR A REPAIR
If you have already paid for repairs associated with this condition, you may be eligible for 
reimbursement. Reimbursement consideration will be based on the amount an authorized 
Subaru retailer in your area would charge for the same repair.
Please send the original service repair order, which has the name of the repair facility, date 
of repair, mileage at the time of repair, complete 17-digit vehicle identification number (VIN), 
and your name, with correct mailing address and telephone number to the address listed 
below:
Subaru of America, Inc.
Customer Advocacy Department, Attention: WRB-25 Recall
P.O. Box 9103, Camden, NJ 08101-9877
Please send original receipts only and retain a photocopy for your records.  Please be 
assured that we will attempt to process your reimbursement request as quickly as possible, 
but it may take up to 60 days for this process to be completed.
IF YOU NEED FURTHER ASSISTANCE:
To locate the nearest Subaru retailer, you can access our website at www.subaru.com and 
select ‘Find a Retailer.’
For additional information, please go to: http://www.wrb25.service-campaign.com.
If you need additional assistance, please contact us directly:
• By e-mail: Go to https://www.subaru.com/support/customer-support.html and select 
‘Email Us’
• By telephone: 1-844-373-6614  
Monday through Friday between 8:00 a.m. and 7:00 p.m. ET
• By U.S. Postal mail:  
Subaru of America, Inc.  
Attn: Customer Advocacy Department  
P .O. Box 9103, Camden, NJ 08101-9877
A subsidiary of SUBARU CORPORATIONTo subscribe to the NHTSA Recall Notification email System, please go to: https://www-  
odi.nhtsa.dot.gov/nhtsa/subscriptions.
Please contact us immediately if the Subaru retailer fails or is unable to make the necessary 
repairs free of charge.
If your dealer fails or is unable to remedy this defect without charge, or within a reasonable 
amount of time, you may submit a written complaint to:  Administrator, National Highway 
Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA), 1200 New Jersey Ave., SE, Washington, DC 20590 
or call the toll-free Vehicle Safety Hotline at 1-888-327-4236 (TTY: 1-800-424-9153) or go 
to http://www.NHTSA.gov. 
Your continued satisfaction with your Subaru is important to us.  Please understand that we 
have taken this action in the interest of your safety and your vehicle’s proper operation.  We 
sincerely apologize for any inconvenience this matter may cause and urge you to schedule 
an appointment as soon as possible.
Sincerely,
Subaru of America, Inc.