   
      
       
        
 
     
   
     
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
    
     
   
  ____________________________________________________________________ 
To: All Subaru Retailers 
From: 
Date: 
Re: Subaru of America, Inc. – Service Quality 
February 3, 2025 
WRA-24 ODS Sensor Replacement FAQs, Used Vehicle Inventory & CPO Updates 
As we begin phased owner notification for the WRA -24 ODS Sensor Replacement recall, we have updated 
the list of frequently asked questions and the instruction on how to handle CPO and Used Vehicle 
Inventory affected by WRA -24. Please refer to this document as a consistent means of communicating 
with customers. 
Frequently Asked Questions 
1.Question: What is an Occupant Detection System (ODS) ?
Answer : The Occupant Detection System determines the occupant's presence and status in the 
passenger seat to enable or disable the passenger side airbag from deployment in an accident . 
2.Question: What is the reason for the recall ?
Answer: Vehicles affected by this recall may be equipped with defective Occupant Detection System (ODS) 
sensors on the front passenger seat. If the defect exists, a short circuit of the ODS sensors may occur, causing 
the SRS airbag system warning lamp to illuminat e. At the same time, the front passenger’s airbag OFF 
indicator will also illuminate, indicating that the front passenger airbag may not deploy in certain crashes as 
designed, increasing the risk of injury to an occupant in the seat. 
3.Question: Does this recall affect all 2020 -2022 MY Legacy and Outback models ?
Answer: No. Not all 2020 -2022 MY Legacy and Outback models are affected by this recall. Coverage will be 
confirmed by using the Vehicle Inquiry function on Subarunet.com . A total of 118,723 U.S vehicles have been 
affected by this recall. Vehicles not included in the recall are equipped with ODS sensors using a printed circuit 
board (PCB) that is not affected under this recall. 
4.Question: What is the recall remedy ?
Answer: Subaru retailers will replace all four of the ODS sensors on the front passenger seat with new ones at 
no cost to the customer. 
5.Question: When will customer notifications begin ?
Answer: Subaru previously notified all affected vehicle owners of this recall with an interim letter by first class 
mail on May 17, 2024, advising them they would be re -notified with a follow up letter to schedule an 
appointment once parts became available. Subaru is currently receiving a limited number of ODS sensors and 
hardware kits to remedy this recall. To maximize completions of the recall while preventing a potential stock -
 
   
  
   
       
       
       
     
       
 
      
 
 
        
  
 
  
   
      
 
   
      
        
 
     
    
 
     
  
  
     
  
 
     
    
 
  
    
 
     
  
  
      
  
 
     
  
      
     out situation, Subaru will re -notify affected vehicle owners in small, controlled phases as described below: 
Mailing Date Group 
02/0 3/2025 All Legacy models 
Estimated Q2 2025 2020 Outback (manual passenger seat) 
Estimated Q3 2025 2020 Outback (power passenger seat) 
Estimated Q1 2026 21-22 Outback (manual passenger seat) 
Estimated Q3 2026 21-22 Outback ( power passenger seat) 
Estimated Q4 2026 21-22 Outback (power passenger seat) 
We will update you on timing of owner notification letters for subsequent phases as inventory of the remedy 
parts continues to arrive . 
6. Question: As the owner notification phases occur, how will a retailer know whether a WRA -24 recall can 
be performed on an affected vehicle? 
Answer: As each owner notification for each phase is announced, the recall status for the vehicles included in 
the phase will change from “Open -Remedy not available” to “Open”. Retailers can perform the WRA -24 recall 
on any vehicle showing an “Open” status when running a VIN Inquiry on Subarunet. 
NOTE: The phasing schedule plan is based on the number of vehicles in each phase and the expected parts 
inventory. To ensure we are able to efficiently phase this recall as planned, it is imperative that retailers do 
not perform the WRA -24 recall on any vehicle where the recall status is “Open -Remedy Not available”. 
If you encounter a n affected vehicle in an “Open -Remedy not yet available” status and the customer is 
experiencing illumination of the SRS light, please refer to question 9, scenario 2 for additional information. 
If you encounter an affected vehicle that is eligible to be certified in the CPO program, please refer to the 
“Procedure to CPO vehicle s affected by the WRA -24 recall” section below. 
If you encounter an affected vehicle in your used vehicle inventory that does not qualify for the CPO Program, 
please refer to the “Used Vehicle Inventory Process” section below. 
7. Question: What is the repair procedure for the WRA -24 recall? 
Answer: For vehicles with an “Open” WRA -24 status, the recall repairs can be performed as outlined 
in the WRA -24 Recall Bulletin on STIS. The remedy repair will involve replacement of the 4 ODS 
sensors on the passenger side seat, as well as some hardware replacement. WRA -24 training vid eos 
will also be part of the required learning for technicians on STAR -U. Videos of the repair procedures 
are also embedded in the Recall Bulletin on STIS. 
If you encounter an affected vehicle in an “Open -Remedy not yet available” status and the 
customer is not experiencing illumination of the SRS light , let the owner know that they will receive 
owner notification when parts are available to perform the remedy repair on their vehicle. 
NOTE: The remedy repair should only be performed on affected vehicles with the WRA -24 in an “Open” 
status. 
8. Question: What if a customer vehicle does not have a current failure (no SRS light illuminated), but the 
customer feels unsafe driving the vehicle? 
Answer: There is NO risk to the driver of the vehicle; this recall affects only the front passenger side air bag. 
Additionally, a safety risk to the front passenger exists only if the SRS light is illuminated. Please reassure 
the customer that if the SRS light is not illuminated, then the ODS sensors are operating as designed and there 
  
   
  
   
 
     
 
 
 
 
  
    
 
 
  
   
 
   
    
 
    
 
     
      
  
     
 
  
  
       
 
   
   
   
     
  
 
   
    
 
 
      
     
       is no need to take any action until Subaru notifies the customer that parts are available. IMPORTANT NOTE: 
Customers are eligible for alternate transportation only if the SRS light is illuminated. 
If the ODS sensor failure occurs, the SRS light will illuminate. Please refer to question 9 for additional 
information. 
9. Question: What if a customer vehicle experiences the ODS sensor failure (SRS light illuminates)? 
SRS airbag warning light: 
Answer : If an ODS sensor failure occurs, the SRS light will illuminate. The customer should be instructed that if 
the SRS light illuminates, then any passenger in the front passenger seat should move to the rear seat , and 
they should avoid using the front passenger seat until the vehicle is inspected and repaired by the retailer . 
There are a few different scenarios that your retailer can encounter. Please follow the instructions based on 
the relevant scenario : 
Scenario 1: WRA -24 vehicle in an “Open” status , regardless of SRS illumination 
Please refer to the WRA -24 Recall bulletin on STIS for the repair procedure to replace the ODS Sensor Kit and 
related hardware.  The remedy repair should be performed on any vehicle with an “Open” status, regardless 
of whether the SRS light is illuminated. 
Scenario 2: WRA -24 vehicle in an “Open Remedy not yet available” status that has the SRS light illuminated 
Should a customer bring their vehicle in with the SRS light illuminated, and the ir WRA -24 recall status is 
“Open -Remedy not yet available ”, the technician should first pull all DTCs. 
If DTC B1788 is present, then the ODS sensor failure has occurred and a QMR should be submitted. Please 
click here to navigate to the appendix for specific instructions and requirements for QMR submission for this 
scenario. 
If DTC B1788 is not present, then refer to the applicable service manual and perform diagnostics, noting all 
key steps and results. Please click here to navigate to the appendix for specific instructions and requirements 
for QMR submission for this scenario. 
Please note, i f you encounter an affected vehicle in an “Open -Remedy not yet available” status and 
the customer is not experiencing illumination of the SRS light, let the owner know that they will 
receive owner notification when parts are available to perform the remedy repair on their vehicle. 
NOTE: The remedy repair should only be performed on affected vehicles with the WRA -24 in an “Open” 
status. 
If the vehicle is used inventory or a Certified Pre -owned vehicle, please refer to the separate instructions titled 
“Used Vehicle Inventory Process” or “Procedure to CPO vehicle s affected by the WRA -24 recall” in this 
announcement. 
Scenario 3: Seat bottom is needed for a non-WRA -24 affected vehicle or an unrelated service issue 
If the vehicle is not affected by the WRA -24 recall or has an unrelated service issue that requires a seat 
bottom , a QMR is still required to obtain the seat bottom. Please click here to navigate to the appendix for 
specific instructions and requirements for QMR submission for this scenario. 
 
   
 
    
     
     
 
   
   
  
    
 
    
  
 
  
 
     
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
    
    
  
   
  
 
   
   
    
 
  
  
 
    
 
     
 
   
     
  
 
 Procedure to CPO vehicle s affected by the WRA -24 recall 
If you have a used vehicle that is affected by the WRA -24 recall and is in an “Open” Status, please refer to the Recall 
bulletin on STIS and perform the remedy repair. The process outlined below relates only to used vehicles affected 
by the WRA -24 recall in an “Open -Remedy not yet available” status that will be considered for CPO certification. 
To determine CPO eligibility, the retailer must first run a Carfax on the vehicle to ensure the vehicle does not have a 
branded title, the vehicle has not been in a moderate to severe accident, and there is no evidence of airbag 
deployment. If the Carfax r eport shows evidence of any of these, the vehicle is not able to go through CPO 
certification and the retailer should refer to the Used Vehicle Inventory process outlined in this announcement. 
If the Carfax report is clean, the retailer should then work through the 152 -point Certified Pre -Owned Vehicle 
Inspection Checklist for the vehicle. The retailer should have an accompanying repair order for any work that is 
done on the vehicle to meet the CPO certification requirements. 
If the retailer determines the vehicle is eligible for CPO certification, but has an open WRA -24 recall, the retailer 
should: 
• Submit an order for the appropriate seat bottom for the vehicle. There are three seat bottom assembly 
part numbers, depending on model applicability, for the 2020 -2022 MY Legacy and Outback models 
affected by this recall, and they are listed below. When placing the order, the last 8 characters of the VIN 
must be entered as the PO number. 
64139AN00A CUSHION AY OCPANTRH 
64139AN01B CUSHION AY OCPANTRH 
64139AN02B CUSHION AY OCPANTRH 
• Once the order is placed, the retailer must email the 152 -point CPO Inspection Checklist, with Section A 
completed, and the accompanying Repair Order to the Parts Information Coordinators (PICs) at 
Picemail@subaru.com . The subject line of the email should include reference to the WRA -24 recall and 
include the related 8 -digit order number for the appropriate seat bottom for the vehicle (Example: WRA -24 
parts order # 12345678). 
Upon receipt of the email, the PICs will review the information and reply to the retailer email advising that 
either the order was released or requesting additional information. If the order is released, the retailer 
should expect to receive the seat botto m within 2 -3 business days. If there is a request for additional 
information, and there is no response from the retailer providing the requested information within 5 
business days, the order will be cancelled. 
Once the retailer receives the part, the WRA -24 recall can be performed on the vehicle and a recall claim should be 
entered using the following guidelines: 
Recall Code Labor Operation Description Labor 
Hours 
WRA24 100576 WRA -24 ODS SEAT BOTTOM R&R 0.9 
Once the recall claim is approved, the status of the recall for the VIN will change to Completed. Timely claim entry 
is very important to keep the process of CPO certification moving forward. Retailers must wait 24 hours after the 
recall shows completed on the VIN before they can systematically begin certifying one of these vehicles via 
Subarunet. 
       
     
    
 
 
  
  
     
  
 
 
      
  
 
     
    
   
 
  
     
 
 
   
 
   
  
  
    
   
   
  
  
   
  
     
     
   
  
 
   
    
 If your vehicle is a CPO, do not proceed beyond this point, follow the submission instructions above. Any 
questions should be directed to the Parts Information Coordinators (PICS) through email Picemail@subaru.com 
or phone number 866 -782-2782, option 2. 
Used Vehicle Inventory Process 
If you have a used vehicle that is affected by the WRA -24 recall and is in an “Open” Status, please refer to the Recall 
bulletin on STIS and perform the remedy repair . The process outlined below relates only to used vehicles affected 
by the WRA -24 recall in an “Open -Remedy not yet available” status that do not have an SRS light illuminated and 
do not qualify for the CPO program . These vehicles may be delivered to a purchaser if the following 2 conditions are 
met: 
1. The vehicle does not have the SRS indicator illuminated , and 
2. The selling retailer discloses information about this safety recall to the purchaser using the Vehicle 
Disclosure Form -It is imperative that the purchaser is made aware of the open safety recall on the 
vehicle and signs the Vehicle Disclosure Form prior to completing the purchase. The customer must 
initial the Vehicle Disclosure Form to confirm that they received the WRA -24 Subaru Safety Recall 
Information prior to completing their purchase of the vehicle. 
If the vehicle is in your used car inventory and has an SRS light illuminated, the vehicle must not be sold . Please 
refer to question 9 for the procedure for obtaining a seat bottom when the SRS light is illuminated. 
The Vehicle Disclosure Form and the WRA -24 Subaru Safety Recall Information sheet can be found on Subarunet in 
Recall & Campaigns, specifically in the WRA -24-ODS Sensor Replacement area of Recall/Campaign Details. 
If the above conditions are met, as part of the delivery process we ask the Retailer Sales Department to please do 
the following: 
1. Fill out the Owner Contact and Vehicle Disclosure Form included with this notice if the purchaser agrees to 
purchase the vehicle in this condition. This form can be found on Subarunet in the Resources area on the 
left navigation menu or in Recall & Campaig ns, specifically in the WRA -24-ODS Sensor Replacement area 
of Recall/Campaign Details. 
2. Print and provide a copy of the Safety Recall Information sheet, also included with this notice. There is an 
area on the disclosure form the customer will need to initial to acknowledge receipt of the Safety Recall 
Information sheet. The Safety Recall Info rmation sheet can be found on Subarunet in the Resources area 
on the left navigation menu or in Recall & Campaigns, specifically in the WRA -24-ODS Sensor Replacement 
area of Recall/Campaign Details. 
3. When remedy parts become available, we ask that the retailer contact s the owner to schedule an 
appointment to complete the WRA -24 recall. 
4. Please encourage the purchaser to update their ownership information by visiting Customer Support in the 
Connect with Us area on  Subaru.com. 
If a 2020 -2022 Legacy or Outback model affected by the WRA -24 recall does not meet the CPO certification 
process, the retailer can sell the vehicle as Used Vehicle Inventory using the disclosure letter process that was 
outlined in the Subarunet announcemen t. 
   
 
 
   
 
 
    
     
    
 
   
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
        
    
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
    
    
 
 
  
 
    
    
 
  
  
 Appendix 1-WRA -24 vehicle in an “Open Remedy not yet available” status that has the SRS light illuminated 
with DTC B1788 
If DTC B1788 is present, then the ODS sensor failure has occurred and a QMR should be submitte d as outlined 
below. 
NOTE: The QMR instructions below must be followed to ensure you receive a response within one business 
day. This includes completing QMR with the correct coding and including all requested information in the 
appropriate format. Failure to do so will significantly delay the review process and potential part release. 
1. The QMR should be coded using WRA as the failure code. The SSM file data must be attached to the QMR 
in .SEPF format with the VIN written to the data. 
All QMR submissions should have the customer’s Concern, Cause, and Correction filled out with detail and 
contain the technician’s observations, diagnostics, and recommendation. 
2. The QMR and required attachments will be reviewed by SOA and, if approved, a parts order for the 
appropriate remedy part will be placed by the Parts Information Coordinators ( PICs) for your dealership. 
NOTE: Orders will only be placed only if a QMR is submitted with the required attachments and SOA is 
able to confirm the diagnosis of a defect requiring replacement of the seat bottom. 
If there is sufficient inventory, then a parts order for the ODS sensor kit and related hardware kit will be 
placed by the PICs for your dealership. If we do not have sufficient inventory of the ODS sensor kits or 
hardware kits, then a parts order for the appropriate seat bottom part will be placed by the PICs for your 
dealership. 
3. Once the appropriate part is received and the vehicle has been repaired, please submit a claim using the 
following information: 
• If the vehicle is part of the WRA -24 recall and the retailer was sent an ODS sensor kit and 
hardware kit, then a Recall Claim (RC) must be submitted using the following information: 
Recall Code Labor Operation Description Labor Hours 
WRA24 A100 -579 WRA -24 ODS SENSOR KIT R&R 1.1 (manual seat) 
0.9 (power seat) 
• If the vehicle is part of the WRA -24 recall and the retailer was sent a seat bottom, then a Recall 
Claim (RC) must be submitted using the following labor operation: 
Recall Code Labor Operation Description Labor Hours 
WRA24 A100 -576 WRA -24 ODS SEATBOTTOM R&R 0.9 
4. Please direct any inquiries as follows: 
• If you have questions regarding the status of your QMR, please refer to the QMR itself, specifically 
the status on the QMR. 
      
    
   
 
  
    
 
 
  i. If the QMR is in a “Pending Review” status, then it has been received but has not been 
reviewed yet. The status will be updated once the QMR has been reviewed. 
-If the status of the QMR is “No Action Needed” , then either the PICs have placed an 
order for the seat bottom (which can be viewed in RPM), or you will be notified via 
phone or email of information that was missing from the QMR. 
• Additional inquiries should be directed to the Subaru Claims Helpline at: 866 -782-2782, 
option 2. 
   
  
 
   
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
    
 
    
        
    
 
 
 
 
  
 
   
   
  
 
 
 
  
 
        
    
 
 
  
  
 
 Appendix 2 -WRA -24 vehicle in an “Open Remedy not yet available” status that has the SRS light illuminated 
with DTC other than B1788 
Technician s should refer to the applicable service manual and perform diagnostics, noting all key steps and 
results. A QMR should be submitted as outlined below. 
Currently, we have a limited supply of seat bottoms, which includes the ODS sensors, available for customers 
who experience an ODS failure (the SRS lamp is illuminated) prior to the recall part becoming available. There 
are three seat bottom assembly part numbers, depending on model applicability, for the 2020 -2022 MY 
Legacy and Outback models affected by this recall: 
64139AN00A CUSHION AY OCPANTRH 
64139AN01B CUSHION AY OCPANTRH 
64139AN02B CUSHION AY OCPANTRH 
To ensure adequate inventory of these parts is available for customers that are experiencing an ODS sensor 
failure, these part numbers are restricted from retailer ordering. Therefore, the following process must be 
followed to obtain one of these parts. Fa ilure to adhere to these instructions may result in a delay. 
NOTE: The QMR instructions below must be followed to ensure you receive a response within one business 
day. This includes completing the QMR with the correct coding and including all requested information in 
the appropriate format. Failure to do so will significantly delay the review process and potential part 
release. 
1. If technician’s diagnosis results in the seat bottom requiring replacement, a QMR must be submitted. The 
QMR should be coded using WRA as the failure code . 
All QMR submissions should have the customer’s Concern, Cause, and Correction filled out with detail and 
contain the technician’s observations, diagnostics, and recommendation. If there are DT Cs other than 
B1788, c ompleted trouble tree results are required in the QMR. Squeaks and rattles should have video 
documentation and physical damage will require pictures. Secondary component failures such as power 
seat motors or seat position sensor failures will require completed diagnostics uploaded to the QMR. 
Body shop orders should have a copy of the body shop repair order or proof of repair added to the QMR 
for documentation. 
2. The QMR and required attachments will be reviewed by SOA and, if approved, a parts order for the 
appropriate remedy part will be placed by the Parts Information Coordinators ( PICs) for your dealership. 
NOTE: Orders will only be placed only if a QMR is submitted with the required attachments and SOA is 
able to confirm the diagnosis of a defect requiring replacement of the seat bottom. 
3. Once the appropriate part is received and the vehicle has been repaired, please submit a claim using the 
following information: 
• If the vehicle is part of the WRA -24 recall and the retailer was sent a seat bottom, then a Recall 
Claim (RC) must be submitted using the following labor operation: 
    
    
 
  
  
 
      
    
    
  
   
    
 
 
  Recall Code Labor Operation Description Labor Hours 
WRA24 A100 -576 WRA -24 ODS SEATBOTTOM R&R 0.9 
4. Please direct any inquiries as follows: 
• If you have questions regarding the status of your QMR, please refer to the QMR itself, specifically 
the status on the QMR. 
i. If the QMR is in a “Pending Review” status, then it has been received but has not been 
reviewed yet. The status will be updated once the QMR has been reviewed. 
ii. If the status of the QMR is “No Action Needed” , then either the PICs have placed an order 
for the seat bottom (which can be viewed in RPM), or you will be notified via phone or 
email of information that was missing from the QMR. 
• Additional inquiries should be directed to the Subaru Claims Helpline at: 866 -782-2782, 
option 2. 
  
    
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
    
 
 
   
    
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
   
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
        
    
 
  
  
    
   
 Appendix 3 -Seat bottom is needed for a non -WRA -24 affected vehicle or an unrelated service issue 
If the vehicle is not affected by the WRA -24 recall or has an unrelated service issue that requires a seat 
bottom, then a QMR is still required to obtain the seat bottom. Technicians should refer to the applicable 
service manual and perform diagnostics, noting all key steps and results. A QMR should be submitted as 
outlined below. 
There are three seat bottom assembly part numbers, depending on model applicability, for the 2020 -2022 MY 
Legacy and Outback models affected by this recall: 
64139AN00A CUSHION AY OCPANTRH 
64139AN01B CUSHION AY OCPANTRH 
64139AN02B CUSHION AY OCPANTRH 
To ensure adequate inventory of these parts is available for customers that are experiencing an ODS sensor 
failure, these part numbers are restricted from retailer ordering. Therefore, the following process must be 
followed to obtain one of these parts. Fa ilure to adhere to these instructions may result in a delay. 
NOTE: These QMR instructions must be followed to ensure you receive a response to your QMR within one 
business day. This includes completing the QMR with the correct coding and including all requested 
information in the appropriate format. Failure to do so will significantly delay the review process and 
potential parts order. 
1. If the technician diagnosis results in one of the above seat bottoms requiring replacement, then a QMR 
must be submitted. The QMR should be coded using WRA as the failure code . All Service Manual 
diagnostics steps/results as well as the SSM data, if there was a DTC, should be attached to the QMR 
in .SEPF format with the VIN written to the data. 
All QMR submissions should have the customer’s Concern, Cause, and Correction filled out with detail and 
contain the technician’s observations, diagnostics, and recommendation. If there are DTCs other than 
B1788, c ompleted trouble tree results are required in the QMR. Squeaks and rattles should have video 
documentation and physical damage will require pictures. Secondary component failures such as power 
seat motors or seat position sensor failures will require completed diagnostics uploaded to the QMR. 
Body shop orders should have a copy of the body shop repair order or proof of repair added to the QMR 
for documentation. 
2. The QMR and required attachments will be reviewed by SOA and, if approved, a parts order for the 
appropriate seat bottom part will be placed by the PICs for your dealership. 
NOTE: Orders will only be placed only if a QMR is submitted with the required attachments and SOA is 
able to confirm the diagnosis of a defect requiring replacement of the seat bottom. 
3. Once the appropriate seat bottom part is received and the vehicle has been repaired, please submit a 
claim using the following information: 
• The seat bottom was replaced in a vehicle for reasons unrelated to the WRA -24 recall. P lease 
refer to the Labor Time Guide for applicable coverage and claim coding. 
  
  
 
    
    
   
 
  
    
 
 
 4. Please direct any inquiries as follows: 
• If you have questions regarding the status of your QMR, please refer to the QMR itself, specifically 
the status on the QMR. 
i. If the QMR is in a “Pending Review” status, then it has been received but has not been 
reviewed yet. The status will be updated once the QMR has been reviewed. 
-If the status of the QMR is “No Action Needed” , then either the PICs have placed an 
order for the seat bottom (which can be viewed in RPM), or you will be notified via 
phone or email of information that was missing from the QMR. 
• Additional inquiries should be directed to the Subaru Claims Helpline at: 866 -782-2782, 
option 2. 