Copyright 2025 General Motors. All Rights Reserved.Bulletin No.: 25-NA-017
Service BulletinDate: January, 2025
TECHNICAL
Center Console Storage Door Difficult to Open and/or Binding or Stuck
 
Brand: Model: Model Year: VIN: Engine: Transmission:
from to from to
Chevrolet Blazer EV 2024 2025 - - All All
 
Involved Region or CountryUnited States, Canada, Mexico, Middle East, Israel, Palestine, Argentina (Mercosur),
Brazil (Mercosur), Chile (West), Colombia (West), Ecuador (West), Uruguay (West)
ConditionSome customers my comment that the center console storage door is difficult to open,
binding or stuck.
Cause The floor compartment upper panel may be distorting and causing a bind condition.
Correction Complete the procedure outlined below.Subject:
Important: Service agents must comply with all International, Federal, State, Provincial, and/or Local laws
applicable to the activities it performs under this bulletin, including but not limited to handling, deploying,
preparing, classifying, packaging, marking, labeling, and shipping dangerous goods. In the event of a
conflict between the procedures set forth in this bulletin and the laws that apply to your dealership, you
must follow those applicable laws.
Important: This technical service bulletin (TSB) can only be completed by certified repair facilities who have met all
specific training, tool, and equipment requirements pertaining to the vehicle Brand and Model serviced. Repairs must
be performed by a technician who has successfully completed the required training.
 
Service Procedure
Remove the floor console upper panel. Refer to Front Floor Console Upper Panel Replacement  in Si.
Page 2 January, 2025 Bulletin No.: 25-NA-017
6825579
6825581
Remove the rib with suitable tool from the retention feature pictured above.
Reinstall and check for proper smooth operation.
 
Parts Information
No parts are required for this repair.
 
Bulletin No.: 25-NA-017 January, 2025 Page 3
GM bulletins are intended for use by professional technicians, NOT a "do-it-yourselfer" . They are written to inform these
technicians of conditions that may occur on some vehicles, or to provide information that could assist in the proper
service of a vehicle. Properly trained technicians have the equipment, tools, safety instructions, and know-how to do a job
properly and safely. If a condition is described, DO NOT assume that the bulletin applies to your vehicle, or that your
vehicle will have that condition. See your GM dealer for information on whether your vehicle may beneﬁt from the
information.
WE SUPPORT VOLUNTARY
TECHNICIAN
CERTIFICATIONWarranty Information
For vehicles repaired under the Bumper-to-Bumper coverage (Canada Base Warranty coverage), use the following
labor operation. Reference the Applicable Warranties section of Investigate Vehicle History (IVH) for coverage infor-
mation.
Labor Operation Description Labor Time
*2086978 Remove and Modify Floor Console Upper Panel 1.5 hr
*This is a unique Labor Operation for Bulletin use only.
 
Version 1
Modified Released January 29, 2025