 
  
   
 
This document does not authorize warranty repairs.   This communication documents a record of past experiences.   STAR Online  
does not provide any conclusions about what is wrong with the vehicle.  Rather, it captures all previous cases known that appear  
to be similar or related to the vehicle symptom / condition.   You are the expert, and you are responsible for deciding on the  
appropriate course of action.  
 
Contact STAR Center, or your Technical Assistance Center Via TechConnect,  eCONTACT or Service Library  
entry if no solution is found .  
 
Stellantis  US LLC                                           Version 4.5 07/22/2022 
Case Number:   S2424000003  REV.B 
 
Release Date:   Februar y 2025 
 
Symptom/Vehicle Issue : AC INOP With DTC  B3A11 - AC REFRIGERANT 
EXPANSION VALVE ACTUATOR CONTROL PERFORMANCE   
 
Customer Complaint/T echnician Observation:  Customer indicates that the AC is 
INOP. Further investigation shows that DTC’s B3A11 is present.  
 
Discussion : This DTC will turn off the AC compressor to prevent liquid flowing into the 
compressor and causing physical damage to the compressor. When the code is 
erased,  the compressor will re -engage and allow compressor operation again as long 
as the condition is not present. With this condition the code can come back within a 
few minutes, hours, or days.  
 
A known part issue has been identified  for select ve hicles.  
 
If the  any of following conditions appl y or both  of the conditions apply the EX V Chiller  
assembly  needs to be replaced. (See Image Bel ow) 
 
- EXV NIK Level  shows  AA  
- Battery Chiller has a green check mark  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
This document does not authorize warranty repairs.   This communication documents a record of past experiences.   STAR Online  
does not provide any conclusions about what is wrong with the vehicle.  Rather, it captures all previous cases known that appear  
to be similar or related to the vehicle symptom / condition.   You are the expert, and you are responsible for deciding on the  
appropriate course of action.  
 
Contact STAR Center, or your Technical Assistance Center Via TechConnect,  eCONTACT or Service Library  
entry if no solution is found .  
 
Stellantis  US LLC                                           Version 4.5 07/22/2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Replace the chiller assembly and re test operation. Ensure the vehicle is drive n 
appropr iately to get the HEV battery temp above 39C  for DTC set conditions.  
 
If the DTC remains off, return the vehicle back to customer.  
 
If this process  does not apply to the current ve hicle being diagnosed , create a STAR 
case  and ask for the case to  be escala ted for B3A11 Investigation.  