Involved Region or
CountryNorth America
ConditionSome customers ma y comment on a "Service Door Latch
System" message.
CauseThe cause of this concern could be that the rear child
door lock safety feature is out of sync.  
Bulletin No.: PIT6288D
Published date: N/A
Preliminary Information
PIT6288D Service Door Latch System
Models
Brand: Model: Model Y ears:VIN:Engine: Transmissions:from to
Cadillac Escalade 2025 All AllAll All
Cadillac Escalade ESV 2025 All AllAll All
Chevr oletSuburban 2025 All AllAll All
Chevr oletTahoe 2025 All AllAll All
GMC Yukon 2025 All AllAll All
GMC Yukon XL 2025 All AllAll All
 
 
 
 
 
Correction:
-  All Models,  First verify that the rear doors will open from the inside door
handles by having an assistance get into a 2nd row seat and then close the rear
Labor Operation Description Labor Time
* 6486278Cadillac/Chevrolet Models - Cycle the
child safety door locks.    
GMC Models - Contact T AC Action
Center0.3 Hrs.
*This is a unique Labor Operation for Bulletin use only .doors.  Once inside try pulling each inside rear door handle several times to
make sure both rear doors will open.  If both rear doors open, then proceed to
the information below based on your model vehicle.  If a rear door will not
open then that will need to be ﬁxed ﬁrst.  Please follow SI "Door Will Not
Open/Close, Door Binding, or Locks, Handles, or Cylinders Do Not F unction"
step 14.  NOTE:  The child safety lock feature will not operate properly when
cycled IF there is preload from the inside door handle/cable.  This could be
caused by the inside door handle cable being misinstalled/binding/etc. causing
a slight preload on the door latch.  Remove the door panel and inspect the
inside door handle cable for being misinstalled/binding/kinks/etc.  Disconnect
the cable from the inside door handle and allow the cable to completely relax
to release any preload from the door latch.  With only the cable disconnected
try cycling the child safety lock feature in the radio displa y to see if the issue is
repaired.  Also, try to 
 
rear door ma y have an issue w child safety lock feature is not working properly ,
because with this fault message present the rear child safety lock feature
should be oﬀ/disabled for both rear doors and the doors should open from the
inside door handles.  F or a door that will not open from the inside door handle,
please follow normal SI diagnostics for "Power Door Child Lock Malfunction" to
correct the child safety lock before proceeding to the information below .  After
correcting the child safety lock then proceed to the information below based on
your model vehicle.  
-  On Cadillac and Chevrolet models, resync the rear door child safety locks by
opening all doors and leave open.  Then go into the radio displa y and cycle the
child safety locks on and oﬀ.  It is important that you are at the screen which
displa ys "oﬀ" and "on", as shown above.  T o get to this screen go to the radio
displa y home screen > select Controls > See More Controls > Doors & Windows
> Child Safety Locks > On and Oﬀ.  If cycling the child safety locks does NOT
correct the concern, then perform normal SI diagnostics for "Power Door Child
Lock Malfunction" to correct this issue.
- On GMC models, contact the T AC Action Center for additional repair
instructions.
Warranty Information
For vehicles repaired under the Bumper-to-Bumper coverage (Canada Base
Warranty coverage), use the following labor operation. Reference the
Applicable W arranties section of Investigate V ehicle History (IVH) for coverage
information.
 
Additional SI K eywords
DTC B11A2 B171C B1804 B11A4 B125D B1805
Version History
Version 4
Modiﬁed11/22/2024 - Created on.  
12/05/2024 - Update correction.  
12/13/2024 - Update to the correction section.  
01/08/2025 - Update to the correction and
warranty sections.
 
 
GM Global Brands
© 2025 General Motors. All Rights R eserved.