 
- 1 - No.: 25CSA -03 
March  2025 
 
TO: Service Location s 
 
FROM:  Powertrain Service Engineering  
 
SUBJECT:  Gen 5 Cylinder Head Gasket , High No Trouble Found (NTF) Rate and 
Part Handling  
ISSUE   
Detroit Diesel Corporation has identified a significant amount of cylinder head gaskets that are  
No Trouble Found (NTF) , incorrect parts, or missing parts when  they are  received for 
inspection.  
 
Detroit Quality has identified an increase in  issue s where  repairing outlets document on their 
claims, that  the cylinder head gasket is the Primary Failed Part (PFP) when the cylinder head 
gasket has not actually failed .  This is confirmed during parts inspect ion. Additionally, not all 
parts are being sent and/or incorrect parts are being sent to Detroit Diesel Corporation .   
CAUSE  AND REQUIRED ACTION  
Quality has noted  that 44 percent  of the inspected cylinder head gaskets are No Trouble Found 
(NTF).  When repair facilities submit claims, it is important to use the correct PFP in OWL.  
 
The NTF number is inflated because of  previous under -repairs  (refer to 23TS -06).  When the 
compression  seal fails , the upper  liner O-ring(s)  can be damaged.  Following the ‘Inspection of 
the Cylinder Head Gasket’ procedure, located in the appropriate Gen 5 DD13 or Gen 5 DD15 
Workshop manual , is key to reducing come backs.  
 
When inspecting cylinder head  gaskets, Detroit Diesel Corporation  has found head gaskets 
missing the compression  seals and showing  secondary damage. During removal,  ensure the 
head gasket and compression  seals are in place. If the c ompression seals are decoupled from 
the head gasket, tie the  seals to the correct cylinder  gasket hole and in the correct orientation 
with nylon ties.  Refer to figure 1.  
 
 
- 2 - 
 
Figure 1:  Cylinder  Head Gasket with Compression Seal tied to the Head Gasket Frame  
 
 
Figure 2 : Cylinder  Head Gasket Missing Compression Seal  
 
 
 
- 3 - Do not fold the cylinder head gasket.  Folding the cylinder head gasket causes secondary 
damage which impedes the investigation . The cylinder head gasket should be returned in the 
box from the new head gaske t. Refer to figure s 3 and 4.   
 
 
Figure 3 : Folded  Cylinder Head Gasket  
 
 
Figure  4: Cylinder  Head Gasket returned flat and in the box  
 
 
Figure 5: Example  of a Damaged Compression Seal  
 
- 4 - CLAIM PROCESS  
Normal in -warranty procedures apply. Proactive removal of properly functioning parts is not allowed 
under warranty.  
CONTACT INFORMATION  
Please contact the Detroit Diesel Customer Support Center at 800-445-1980  or email  
csc@daimler truck .com if you have any questions.  
 
 