TECHNICAL INSTRUCTIONS 
PAGE 1 OF 1
CUSTOMER SATISFACTION PROGRAM 24B59
CPR  ©  2025 FORD MOTOR COMPANY
DEARBORN, MICHIGAN 48121
02/2025
CERTAIN 2023-2024 MODEL YEAR F-250-600, TRANSIT, EXPEDITION AND 
NAVIGATOR VEHICLES — TRANSMISSION REPLACEMENT
IMPORTANT! The Service Technician Specialty Training (STST) Competency 10 certification
            requirement in the U.S. market only will be enforced starting with repair orders
            opened on or after August 31, 2024. Field Service Action (FSA) repairs will reject
           and the claim will not be paid if the repairing technician is not certified in STST
            Competency 10 FSA. See Electronic Field Communication (EFC)15936 for more
          details.
NOTE: If you do not have the special service tools referenced in the Workshop Manual to perform the   
  Field Service Action repair, please contact 1-800-ROTUNDA and choose option 3 to place an   
  order.
SERVICE PROCEDURE
1. Remove the transmission. Follow Workshop Manual (WSM) procedures in Section 307-01.
2. Carryout the transmission fluid cooler backflushing and cleaning. Follow WSM procedures in 
     Section 307-02.
3. Install the new transmission. Follow WSM procedures in Section 307-01.
IMPORTANT NOTE: Federal law prohibits selling motor vehicle parts or components that are   
            under safety, compliance, or emissions recall. Unless a part is requested
            to be returned to Ford, all parts replaced under this FSA must be scrapped
            in accordance with all applicable local, state and federal environmental   
            protection and hazardous material regulations. Refer to the Parts Retention,   
            Return, & Scrapping section of the FSA dealer bulletin for further information.
  Copyright 2025 Ford Motor Company  
 
Service Engineering Operations        Ford Motor Company  
Customer Service Division         PO Box 1904  
          Dearborn, Michigan 48121  
 
February 18, 2025 
TO: All U.S. Ford and Lincoln Dealers  
SUBJECT:  Customer Satisfaction Program 24B59  
Certain 2023 Model Year F-150 Super Duty, Expedition, Navigator , and Transit 
Vehicles  
Transmission  Replacement  
PROGRAM TERMS  
This program will be in effect through February 28, 2026 or a maximum of 60,000 miles, whichever 
occurs first.  
AFFECTED VEHICLES  
Vehicle Model Year  Assembly Plant Build Date Range 
Super Duty  2023 Kentucky Truck  May 2, 2023 through October 5, 2023 
Expedition  2023 Kentucky Truck  May 8, 2023 through July 24, 2023  
Navigator  2023 Kentucky Truck  May 1, 2023 
Transit  2023 Kansas City  February  28, 2023 through September  25, 2023 
U.S. population of affected vehicles: 9. Affected vehicles are identified in OASIS and FSA VIN Lists. 
REASON FOR THIS PROGRAM  
On the affected vehicles, a front select-fit shim is missing within the transmission. Over time, the 
transmission shift quality performance may degrade and transmission shifts may become rough and jerky. If the issue progresses without repair, a powertrain wrench light may illuminate in the cluster. 
SERVICE ACTION  
Dealers are to replace the t ransmission. This service must be performed on all affected vehicles at no 
charge to the vehicle owner. 
To assist vehicle owners to have this repair completed when parts are available, dealers should:  
• Arrange to pick up the owner’s vehicle and drive it to the dealership for repairs (rentals are authorized – see Rental Vehicles) . 
o Re-deliver the owner’s vehicle after repairs have been completed.  
  Copyright 2025 Ford Motor Company  • Pick-Up & Delivery, towing, and alternative transportation should be made available for all 
customers. Refer to the Rental and Claiming sections for further details.  
ESSENTIAL SPECIAL SERVICE TOOLS  
If you do not have the special tools needed, please contact 1 -800 ROTUNDA and choose option 3 to 
place an order to purchase. 
OWNER NOTIFICATION MAILING SCHEDULE  
Owner letters are expected to be mailed the week of February  24, 2025 or sooner. Dealers should 
repair any affected vehicles that arrive at their dealerships, whether  or not the customer has received 
a letter.  
ATTACHMENTS  
• Administrative Information 
• Labor Allowances and Parts Ordering Information 
• Technical In structions  
• Mobile Service Repair Assessment  
• Vehicle Pick -Up & Delivery Record 
• Owner Notification Letters  
QUESTIONS & ASSISTANCE  
For questions and assistance, contact the Special Service Support Center (SSSC) via the SSSC Web 
Contact Site. The SSSC Web Contact Site can be accessed through the Professional Technician System (PTS) website using the SSSC link listed at the bottom of the OASIS VIN report screen or listed under the SSSC tab. 
  
Customer Service Division 
  
  Copyright 2025 Ford Motor Company  Administrative Information 
Page 1 of 5 
Customer Satisfaction Program 24B59 
MOBILE SERVICE REPAIR ASSESSMENT LEVEL  
• All repairs in this program have the following assessment level: 
 - Not a Mobile Service Repai r 
OASIS ACTIVAT I ON  
OASIS will be activated on February  18, 2025.  
FSA VIN LIST S ACTIVAT ION  
FSA VIN List s will be a vailable through https://web.fsavinlists.dealerconnection.com  on February  18, 
2025.  Owner names and addresses will be available by March 3, 2025. 
NOTE:  Yo ur FSA VIN L ists may contain owner names and addresses obtained from motor vehicle 
registration records. The use of such motor vehicle registration data for any purpose other than in 
connection with this program  is a violation of law in several states, provinces, and countries. 
Accordingly, you must limit the use of this listing to the follow -up necessary to complete this service 
action.  
SOLD VEHICLES  
• Owners of affected vehicles will be directed to dealers for repairs.  
• Immediately contact any of your affected customers  whose vehicles are not on your VIN list  
but are identified in OASIS. Give the customer a copy of the Owner Notification Letter (when 
available) and schedule a service date. 
• Correct other affected vehicles identified in OASIS which are brought to your dealership. 
• Dealer s are to prioritize repairs of customer vehicles over repairs of new and used vehicle 
inventory.  
STOCK VEHICLES  
• Correct all affected units in your new vehicle inventory before delivery.  
• Use OASIS to identify any affected vehicles in your used vehicle inventory. 
BRANDED / SALVAGED TITLE VEHICLES  
Affected branded / salvaged title vehicles  are eligible for this service action . 
OWNER REFUNDS   
Refunds are not approved for this program.  
  
  Copyright 2025 Ford Motor Company  Administrative Information 
Page 2 of 5 
 
Customer Satisfaction Program 24B59 
 
RENTAL VEHICLES   
Dealers are pre-approved for up to 2 days for a rental vehicle. Follow Customer Loyalty Program 
(CLP) guidelines for dollar amounts. Rentals will only be reimbursed for the day(s) the vehicle is at the 
dealership for part replacement. Prior approval for more than 2 rental day(s) is required from the 
Centralized Loaner Support Team. Contact the Centralized Loaner Support Team via the CRC Dealer 
Portal for  consideration and approval if appropriate. 
The CRC Dealer Portal Job Aid can be referenced at: 
fmcdealer.dealerconnection.com/content/dam/fmcdealer/documents/parts_service/cust_sat/GCCT/Pa
ges/FSALoanerProgram.pdf  
 
TOWING  
If towing is required, dealers are authorized to claim up to a maximum value of $250 to provide towing 
services for this program. 
FORD PICK -UP & DELI VERY 
• Dealers participating in the Remote Experience Program: 
o Refer to EFC16075, Announcing the 2025 Remote Experience Program for  additional 
details.  
• Dealers NOT participating in the 2025 Remote Experience Program: 
o Dealers may claim one- half labor hour per repair for vehicle Pick-Up & Delivery 
services.  
o Dealers must retain a Vehicle Pick -Up & Delivery Record with the repair order 
documentation. 
LINCOLN PICK-UP & DELIVERY 
• Owners of Lincoln vehicles within a 4 year / 50,000-mile warranty have the option of requesting Pick -Up & Delivery service, from their dealership. For details, reference EFC15921, 
2025 Lincoln Pick -Up & Delivery Program Announcement. 
• For Lincoln vehicles outside of 4 years / 50,000 -mile warranty, refer to refer to EFC16075, 
Announcing the 2025 Remote Experience Program . 
• Dealers NOT participating in the 2025 Remote Experience Program : 
o For Lincoln vehicles outside of 4 years / 50,000 -mile warranty, see labor claiming table 
below. 
  
  Copyright 2025 Ford Motor Company  Administrative Information 
Page 3 of 5 
Customer Satisfaction Program 24B59 
ALTERNATIVE TRANSPORTATION 
If a customer is unable or does not wish to rent a vehicle but still requires transportation, the rental 
reimbursement allowance can be used for alternative transportation. Alternative transportation is approved for $100 per day for both Ford and Lincoln customers. The dollar -per-day  allowance can be 
cumulative across multiple rides per day ( e.g., ride to work $20 and ride home $24). 
• Alternative transportation reimbursement can be claimed for both short-term and long-term 
scenarios.  
• Any amount over  the cost-per-day  limits will be the customer’s responsibility.  
• The customer will need to pay upfront and provide proof of payment to the dealer.  
• Dealers will then need to submit for reimbursement following the Rental Vehicle Reimbursement Process and then refund the customer. 
Examples of alternative transportation: 
• Taxi 
• Public Transportation - Subway, Train, or Bus  
• Rideshare alternatives (Uber, Lyft, etc.)  
ADDITIONAL REPAIR (LABOR TIME AND/OR PARTS)  
Additional repairs identified as necessary to complete the FSA should be managed as follows:  
• For related damage and access time requirements, refer to the Warranty and Policy Manual / 
Section 6 – Ford & Lincoln Program Policies / General Information & Special Circumstances 
for FSAs / Related Damage.  
• For vehicles within new vehicle bumper -to-bumper warranty coverage, no SSSC approval is 
required, although related damage must be on a separate repair line with the “Related Damage” radio button checked.  
o Ford vehicles – 3 years or 36,000 miles  
o Lincoln vehicles – 4 years or 50,000 miles  
• For vehicles outside new vehicle bumper -to-bumper warranty coverage, submit an Approval 
Request to the SSSC Web Contact Site before completing the repair.  
  
  Copyright 2025 Ford Motor Company  Administrative Information 
Page 4 of 5 
Customer Satisfaction Program 24B59 
CLAIMS PREPARATION AND SUBMISSION  
• Technician Competency Requirement:  The STST Competency 10 certification requirement 
in the U.S. market only will be enforced starting with repair orders opened on or after August 
31, 2024. FSA repairs will reject and the claim will not be paid if the repairing technician is not 
certified in STST Competency 10 FSA. See EFC15936 for more details.  
• Claim Entry : Enter claims using Dealer Management System (DMS) or One Warranty 
Solution (OWS) online.  
o When entering claims:  
 Claim type 31: Field Service Action  
 Sub Code: 24B59 
 Customer Concern Code (CCC): P83 
 Condition Code (CC): 39  
 Causal Part Number: 7000, Quantity 0 
o For additional claims preparation and submission information, refer to the Recall and Customer Satisfaction Program (CSP) Repairs in the OWS User Guide. 
• Related Damage/Additional labor and/or parts: Must be claimed as Related Damage on a separate repair line from the FSA with the same claim type and subcode as described in Claim 
Entry above. 
IMPORTANT:  Click the Related Damage Indicator radio button.  
• Rentals: For rental vehicle claiming, follow Customer Loyalty Program (CLP) guidelines for 
dollar amounts. Enter the total amount of the rental expense under the Miscellaneous Expense 
code RENTAL. 
• Lincoln Pick-Up & Delivery: Claims for Lincoln Pick -Up & Delivery should be submitted on a 
separate line from the FSA. Refer to EFC15921, 2025 Lincoln Pick -Up & Delivery Program 
Announcement for details. 
o For Lincoln vehicles outside of 4 years / 50,000 -mile warranty, refer to refer to EFC16075, 
Announcing the 2025 Remote Experience Program . 
o Dealers NOT participating in the 2025 Remote Experience Program  
 For Lincoln vehicles outside of 4 years / 50,000 -mile warranty, see labor 
claiming table below. 
• Ford Pick-Up & Delivery:  
o Dealers participating in the Remote Experience Program : 
 Refer to EFC16075, Announcing the 2025 Remote Experience Program for additional details.  
o Dealers NOT participating in the 2025 Remote Experience Program : 
 Dealers may claim one- half labor hour per repair for vehicle Pick-Up & Delivery 
services.  
 Dealers must retain a Vehicle Pick -Up & Delivery Record with the repair order 
documentation. 
  
  Copyright 202 5 Ford Motor Company  Administrative Information 
Page 5 of 5 
Customer Satisfaction Program 24B59 
• Additional parts not listed in the parts section: Additional parts such as fasteners  and 
fluids  may be submitted on the same repair line on which the FSA is claimed. Additional parts 
totaling more than $ 450.00 requires prior approval from the SSSC.  
• Parts Handling Allowance:  A parts handling allowance is being provided, unless otherwise 
notified by the Company or as provided by state law, in addition to the dealer cost of the 
transmission.  To claim the allowance, enter $330 .00 as HANDLG in the Misc. Expense area of 
the claim form.  
• Provision for Additional Parts Not Listed in the Parts Section Plus Locally Obtained 
Supplies: Includes fasteners, fluids, thread locker, multi -purpose grease , etc. Submit on the 
same line as the repair.  
o Program Code: 24B59 
o Misc. Expense: OTHER  
o Misc. Expense: Claim up to $4 50.00 
• Provision for Towing: Dealers are authorized to claim up to a maximum value of $250 to 
provide towing services for completing this program. Submit on the same line as the repair.  
o Program Code: 24B59 
o Misc. Expense: TOW  
o Misc. Expense: Claim up to $250.00  
  
  Copyright 2025 Ford Motor Company  Labor Allowances and Parts Ordering Information 
Page 1 of 3 
Customer Satisfaction Program 24B59 
LABOR ALLOWANCES  
Description Labor Operation Labor Time  
Super Duty; 6.8L 10R100 4X4- Replace transmission and 
flush cooler  MT24B59B M-time up to 
6.9 Hours  
Super Duty; 6.8L 10R100 4X2 – Replace transmission and 
flush cooler  MT24B59C  M-time up to 
5.9 Hours  
Expedition 3.5L GTDI  4x4 - Replace transmission and flush 
cooler  MT24B59D  M-time up to 
8.0 Hours  
Navigator; 3.5L GTDI  4x4 - Replace transmission and flush  
cooler  MT24B59F M-time up to 
8.3 Hours  
Transit; 3.5L RWD - Replace transmission and flush  cooler  MT24B59G M-time up to 
7.1 Hours  
Transit; 3.5L AWD - Replace transmission and flush cooler  MT24B59H M-time up to 
9.7 Hours  
Transit , Without Lane Departure Warning - Additional Time 
to Check and Correct Front Toe MT24B59I M-time up to 
1.0 Hour  
Transit With Lane Departure Warning: Additional Time to 
Check and Correct Front Toe and Align LDW Camera 
System  MT24B59J M-time up to 
1.4 Hours  
Transit With Running Boards - Additional Time to Remove 
and Install Running Boards  MT24B59K M-time up to 
0.3 Hours  
Lincoln Vehicle Pick -Up & Delivery Allowance: Only 
vehicles outside of Lincoln Pick-Up & Delivery  contract 
coverage of 4 years/50,000 miles for dealers NOT 
participating in the 2025 Remote Experience Program  
NOTE:  This allowance is for dealer -performed vehicle Pick-
Up & Delivery  for dealership repairs only. Can only be 
claimed once, regardless of outstanding FSAs repaired. 24B59LL 0.5 Hours  
Ford Vehicle Pic k-Up & Delivery Allowance:  
This allowance is only for non-eligible 2025 Remote 
Experience Program Dealers. 
NOTE:  This allowance is for dealer -performed vehicle Pick -
Up & Delivery for dealership repairs only. Can only be 
claimed once, regardless of outstanding FSAs repaired. 24B59PP  0.5 Hours  
 
 
 
    
  Copyright 2025 Ford Motor Company  Labor Allowances and Parts Ordering Information 
Page 2 of 3 
Customer Satisfaction Program 24B59 
Order the parts below through normal order processing channels:  
 
Service Part 
Number  Claim Quantity  Package 
Order 
Quantity  Number 
in Package Description 
PC3Z -7000-P 1 1 1 Transmission - Super Duty  
NL1Z -7000 -B 1 1 1 Transmission – Expedition/Navigator  
LK4Z-7000-C 1 1 1 Transmission – Transit  
LK4Z -7000 -HA 1 1 1 Transmission - Transit  
To guarantee the shortest delivery time, an emergency order for parts must be placed. 
NOTE:  For additional required miscellaneous parts such as fasteners, fluids, gaskets, etc., enter the 
vehicle identification number (VIN)  in Professional Technician System (PTS), refer to the correct 
Workshop Manual (WSM) Section 307-01 for service procedures  and parts catalog for transmission 
replacement. 
DEALER PRICE   
For the latest prices, refer to DOES II. 
HANDLING ALLOWANCE  
An allowance of $ 330.00 per repair is being provided unless otherwise notified by the Company or as 
provided by state law, in addition to the dealer cost of the transmission. 
PARTS RETENTION, RETURN, & SCRAPPING  
Follow the provisions of the Warranty and Policy Manual, Section 1 - WARRANTY PARTS 
RETENTION AND RETURN POLICIES. If a replaced part receives a scrap disposition, the part must be scrapped by  all applicable local, state, and federal environmental protection and hazardous 
material regulations. Federal law prohibits selling motor vehicle parts or components that are under safety, compliance, or emissions recall.  
EXCESS STOCK RETURN  
The excess  stock returned for credit must have been purchased from Ford Customer Service Division 
by Policy Procedure Bulletin 4000.  
REPLACED FSA PARTS INSPECTION AND SIGN OFF  
Effective March 1st, 2021,  all parts replaced as part of an FSA repair with a repair order open date of 
March 1st, 2021, or later must be inspected and signed off on the repair order by a member of your 
dealer’s  fixed operations management team or an employee the task has been delegated to. If the 
task is to be delegated to a non-management employee, the employee needs to be someone other than the technician who completed the repair and needs to understand the importance of completing this task consistently and accurately.  
• All parts replaced as part of an FSA repair should be returned to the parts department following the Warranty Parts Retention and Return Policies.  
• Inspect the replaced parts to verify the FSA repair was completed. 
 
  Copyright 2025 Ford Motor Company  Labor Allowances and Parts Ordering Information 
Page 3 of 3 
Customer Satisfaction Program 24B59 
• If the FSA repair is found to be complete, the designated employee signs the repair order line 
or parts return stamp area (electronic or hand signed) for the FSA repair indicating the parts were inspected and validated to have been replaced. 
• After the parts have been inspected, they should be handled based on the guidance in the parts status report in the Online Warranty System (Hold, Return, CORE, Scrap, etc.). Please 
visit FMCDEALER > PARTS & SERVICE > WARRANTY ADMINISTRATION & WARRANTY 
PARTS RETURN for the latest Immediate Scrap List
 information.  
• This process is subject to review during warranty audits for FSA repairs with a repair order open date of March 1
st, 2021, or later. Any eligible FSA claims requiring parts replacement 
found not to have been inspected and signed off during a warranty audit will be subject to chargeback and consideration for enrollment into the Dealer Incomplete Recall Repair Process.  
Note : Other approvals (electronic or handwritten) for add-on repair lines, dealer -owned vehicle 
repairs, and repeat repairs do not qualify as FSA parts inspection approvals. The post-repair  FSA 
parts inspection process (electronic or handwritten) is independent of other warranty approval 
requirements. The approval by the designated employee implies that the FSA parts were found to be replaced and must be able to be identified on the Repair Order. If multiple FSAs require approval on a 
single Repair Order, each applicable occurrence will require individual post -repair  approval by the 
designated employee. 
 Copyright 2025 Ford Motor Company  
 
Ford Motor Company  
División de Servicio al Cliente  
PO Box 1904  
Dearborn, Michigan 48121  
Febrero 2025 
Programa de satisfacción del cliente 24B59 
 Sr. Juan Pérez  
Calle Principal 123  
Ciudad, EE. UU. 12345 
 12345678901234567  El compromiso de Ford Motor Company no es solo fabricar productos confiables y de alta calidad, 
sino que también lograr la plena satisfacción del cliente. Para demostrar este compromiso, estamos  
proporcionando un programa de satisfacción del cliente sin cargo para su vehículo.  
 
¿Por qué recibe este 
aviso? En su vehículo, es posible que falte una cuña de ajuste selectivo delantera 
en la transmisión.  
  
¿Cuál es el efecto?  Con el tiempo, la falta de una cuña de ajuste selectivo delantero puede 
provocar una degradación de la calidad del cambio de la transmisión. Los 
cambios de transmisión pueden volverse ásperos y bruscos. Si el problema 
continúa sin reparación, es posible que se encienda una luz de llave del tren 
motriz en el tablero.  
  
¿Qué medidas 
adoptarán Ford y su concesionario? Las piezas para reparar su vehículo ya se encuentran disponibles.  
Confirme la disponibilidad de piezas con el concesionario al programar una 
cita. P ara satisfacer a nuestros clientes, Ford Motor Company ha autorizado 
a su concesionario a reemplazar la transmisión sin costo alguno, conforme a 
los términos de este programa.  
Este Programa de satisfacción del cliente tendrá vigencia hasta el 28 de febrero de 2026 o 60,000 millas, lo que se cumpla primero. La cobertura se transfiere automáticamente a los siguientes propietarios.  
  
¿Cuánto tiempo 
tomará?  El tiempo necesario para esta reparación es menos de un día y medio. Sin 
embargo, debido a los requisitos de planificación de servicio, es posible que 
su concesionario tarde un poco más.  
  
 Copyright 2025 Ford Motor Company  ¿Qué debe hacer?  
 Llame a su concesionario lo antes posible para que programe una cita de 
servicio para realizar el Programa de satisfacción del cliente 24B59. 
Si aún no tiene un concesionario para realizar el servicio, puede acceder a 
ford.com/support  para conocer las direcciones de los concesionarios, ver 
mapas y obtener las instrucciones para llegar.  
Ford Motor Company le recomienda realizar esta acción de servicio en su vehículo. El propietario del vehículo es responsable de realizar los arreglos para llevar a cabo el trabajo. 
NOTA: Puede recibir información sobre las campañas y los programas de 
satisfacción del cliente a través de la aplicación FordPass. La aplicación se puede descargar a través de App Store o Google Play. Adicionalmente, 
existen otras funciones como reserva de estacionamientos en determinados 
lugares, además de control de ciertas funciones en el vehículo (bloqueo o 
desbloqueo de puertas, arranque remoto) si así está equipado para permitir 
el control.  
  
Servicio de retiro y 
entrega El servicio complementario de retiro y entrega de vehículos también podría 
estar disponible previa solicitud a través de los concesionarios que 
participan. Su concesionario retirará el vehículo y lo regresará con la 
reparación realizada.  
  
¿Necesita un vehículo 
de alquiler? Su concesionario está autorizado a ofrecerle un vehículo de alquiler para su 
transporte personal sin costo (excepto el combustible, el seguro y los impuestos) mientras su vehículo se encuentre en reparación. Comuníquese con su concesionario para conocer las pautas y limitaciones. 
  
¿Qué pasa si ya no es 
el propietario del vehículo? Si ya no es el propietario del vehículo y tiene la dirección del propietario 
actual, le solicitamos que le reenvíe esta carta.  
Este aviso lo recibió porque en nuestros archivos, basados principalmente en datos de registro y propiedad de los EE. UU., aparece como el 
propietario actual.  
  
¿Podemos hacer algo 
más por usted? 
 
 
 
    
 
    Si tiene problemas para reparar su vehículo de inmediato y sin costo alguno, 
comuníquese con el gerente de servicio de su concesionario para solicitar 
ayuda.  
PROPIETARIOS MINORISTAS: Si tiene dudas o preguntas, comuníquese 
con nuestro Centro de Relación con Clientes (CRC) Ford al 1-866-436-
7332 y uno de nuestros representantes con gusto lo atenderá. El CRC está 
abierto de lunes a viernes de 8:30 a. m. a 7:00 p. m. (hora del este). Si es 
usuario de TTY/TDD, comuníquese con el CRC al número que se 
menciona, mediante el servicio de retransmisión de telecomunicaciones, 
para esto, marque el 711. 
Si desea comunicarse con nosotros a través de Internet, nuestra dirección es ford.com/support
. 
 Copyright 2025 Ford Motor Company  ¿Podemos hacer algo 
más por usted? 
(continuación) PROPIETARIOS DE FLOTAS : Si tiene dudas o preguntas, comuníquese 
con nuestro Centro de contacto de Ford Pro al 1-800-34-FLEET , elija la 
opción n.°  1 y uno de nuestros representantes con gusto lo atenderá. Si 
desea comunicarse con nosotros a través de Internet, nuestra dirección es 
fleet.ford.com . 
Los representantes atienden de lunes a viernes, de 7:00 a.m. a 11:00 p.m. y 
sábado de 7:00 a.m. a 5:00 p.m. (hora del este).  
PROPIETARIOS DE CASAS RODANTES:  Si tiene dudas o preguntas, 
comuníquese con nuestro Centro de Asistencia a Clientes de Casas Rodantes sin cargo al 1-866-906-9811. Los representantes se encuentran disponibles las 24 horas del día.  
Gracias por su atención en este asunto sumamente importante. 
División de Servicio al Cliente 
 
 Copyright 202 5 Ford Motor Company  
 
Ford Motor Company  
Customer Service Division  
PO Box 1904  
Dearborn, Michigan 48121  
February 2025 
Customer Satisfaction Program 24B59 
 
Mr. John Sample 
123 Main Street 
Anywhere, USA 12345  
 
12345678901234567 
 At Ford Motor Company, we are committed not only to building high-quality , dependable products but 
also to building a community of happy, satisfied customers. To demonstrate that commitment, we are 
providing a no-charge Customer Satisfaction Program for your vehicle.  
 
Why are you receiving 
this notice? On your vehicle, it may be possible a front select -fit shim is missing within 
the transmission.  
  
What is the effect ? Over time, a missing front select -shift shim may lead to degradation of 
transmission shift quality. Transmission shifts may become rough and jerky. 
If the issue progresses without repair, a powertrain wrench light may illuminate in the cluster.  
  
What will Ford and 
your dealer do? Parts  are now available to repair your vehicle . Please confirm parts 
availability with your dealer when scheduling an appointment. I n the interest 
of customer satisfaction, Ford Motor Company has authorized your dealer to replace your transmission free of charge under the terms of this program. 
This Customer Satisfaction Program will be in effect until February 28, 2026 
or 60,000 miles, whichever occurs first. Coverage is automatically 
transferred to subsequent owners. 
  
How long will it take?   The time needed for this repair is less than one and one-half days. However, 
due to service scheduling requirements, your dealer may need your vehicle 
for a longer period of time.  
  
What should you do?  
 
 
 
   Please call your dealer without delay to schedule a service appointment for 
Customer Satisfaction Program 24B59.  
If you do not already have a servicing dealer, you can access 
ford.com/support for dealer addresses, maps, and driving instructions.  
Ford Motor Company wants you to have this service action completed on your vehicle. The vehicle owner is responsible for making arrangements to 
have the work completed. 
 Copyright 202 5 Ford Motor Company  What should you do?  
(continued)  NOTE - You can receive information about Recalls and Customer 
Satisfaction Programs through our FordPass App. The app can be 
downloaded through the App Store or Google Play. In addition,  there are 
other features such as reserving parking in certain locations and controlling 
certain functions on your vehicle (lock or unlock doors, remote start) if it is 
equipped to allow control. 
  
Pick-Up and Delivery  Complimentary vehicle Pick -Up & Delivery service may also be available 
upon request through participating dealers. Your dealer will pick up your 
vehicle and return it with the repair completed. 
  
Do you need a rental 
vehicle? Your dealer is authorized to provide a rental vehicle for your personal 
transportation at no charge (except for fuel, insurance, and tax) while your 
vehicle is at the dealership for repairs. Please see your dealer for guidelines 
and limitations. 
  
What if you no longer 
own this vehicle? If you no longer own this vehicle and have an address for the current owner, 
please forward this letter to the new owner. 
You received this notice because our records, which are based primarily on 
state registration and title data, indicate that you are the current owner. 
  
Can we assist you 
further?  
 If you have difficulties getting your vehicle repaired promptly and without 
charge, please contact your dealership’s Service Manager for assistance.  
RETAIL OWNERS :  If you have questions or concerns, please contact our 
Ford Customer Relationship Center (CRC) at 1-866-436-7332 and one of 
our representatives will be happy to assist you.  The CRC is open on weekdays from 8:30 AM – 7:00 PM  (Eastern Time).  TTY/TDD users, please 
contact the CRC at the number listed using the Telecommunication Relay Service by dialing 711.  
If you wish to contact us through the internet, our address is 
ford.com/support.  
FLEET OWNERS: If you have questions or concerns, please contact our 
Ford Pro Contact  Center at 1-800-34-FLEET , choose Option #1 , and one 
of our representatives will be happy to assist you. If you wish to contact us through the Internet, our address is fleet.f ord.com . 
Representatives are available Monday through Friday: 7:00 AM  – 11:00 PM  
and Saturday 7:00 AM  – 5:00 PM  (Eastern Time). 
MOTORHOME OWNERS : If you have questions or concerns, please 
contact our Motorhome Customer Assistance Center toll- free at 
1-866-906-9811. Representatives are available 24 hours a day . 
Thank you for your attention to this important matter. 
Customer Service Division 
 
 Copyright 2025 Lincoln – Una marca de Ford Motor Company   
Lincoln  
PO Box 1904  
Dearborn, Michigan 48121  
 Febrero 2025 
Programa de satisfacción del cliente 24B59 
 
Sr. Juan Pérez  
Calle Principal 123  
Ciudad, EE. UU. 12345 
 
12345678901234567 
 
En Lincoln, nuestro compromiso no es solo fabricar productos confiables y de alta calidad, sino también lograr la plena satisfacción del cliente. Para demostrar este compromiso, le ofrecemos el Programa de satisfacción del cliente sin costo alguno para su vehículo.  
 
¿Por qué recibe este 
aviso? En su vehículo, es posible que falte una cuña de ajuste selectivo delantera 
en la transmisión.  
  
¿Cuál es el efecto?  Con el tiempo, la falta de una cuña de ajuste selectivo delantero puede 
provocar una degradación de la calidad del cambio de la transmisión. Los cambios de transmisión pueden volverse ásperos y bruscos. Si el problema 
continúa sin reparación, es posible que se encienda una luz de llave del tren 
motriz en el tablero.  
  
¿Qué harán Lincoln y 
su minorista?  
 
 
 Las piezas para reparar su vehículo ya se encuentran disponibles.  
Confirme la disponibilidad de piezas con el minorista al programar una cita. 
Para satisfacer a nuestros clientes, Lincoln ha autorizado a su minorista a 
reemplazar la transmisión sin costo alguno, conforme a los términos de este 
programa.  
Este Programa de satisfacción del cliente tendrá vigencia hasta el 28 de febrero de 2026 o 60,000 millas, lo que se cumpla primero. La cobertura se transfiere automáticamente a los siguientes propietarios.  
  
¿Cuánto tiempo 
tomará?  El tiempo necesario para esta reparación es menos de un día y medio . Sin 
embargo, debido a los requisitos de planificación de servicio, es posible que su minorista tarde un poco más. 
  

 Copyright 2025 Lincoln – Una marca de Ford Motor Company  ¿Qué debe hacer?  
 Llame a su minorista lo antes posible para que programe una cita de 
servicio para realizar el Programa de satisfacción del cliente 24B59. 
Si aún no tiene un minorista para realizar el servicio, puede acceder a 
Lincoln.com/support  para conocer las direcciones de los minoristas, ver 
mapas y obtener las instrucciones para llegar.  
Lincoln le recomienda realizar esta acción de servicio en su vehículo. El propietario del vehículo es responsable de realizar los arreglos para llevar a cabo el trabajo. 
NOTA: Puede recibir información sobre las campañas y los programas de 
satisfacción del cliente a través de la aplicación The Lincoln Way: Lincoln 
Owner. La aplicación se puede descargar a través de App Store o 
Google Play. Adicionalmente, existen otras características, como control de 
ciertas funciones en el vehículo (bloqueo o desbloqueo de puertas, arranque remoto) si está equipado para permitir el control.  
  
Servicio de retiro y 
entrega El servicio complementario de retiro y entrega de vehículos también puede 
estar disponible previa solicitud a su minorista. El minorista retirará su 
vehículo y lo devolverá con la reparación completa. 
  
¿Necesita un vehículo 
de alquiler? Su minorista está autorizado a ofrecerle un vehículo de alquiler para su 
transporte personal sin costo (excepto combustible, seguro y peajes) mientras su vehículo se encuentre en reparación. Comuníquese con su minorista para conocer las pautas y limitaciones.  
  
¿Qué pasa si ya no es 
el propietario del vehículo? Si usted ya no es el propietario del vehículo y tiene la dirección del 
propietario actual, le solicitamos que le reenvíe esta carta.  
Este aviso lo recibió porque en nuestros archivos, basados principalmente en datos de registro y propiedad de los EE. UU., aparece usted como el 
propietario actual.  
  
¿Podemos hacer algo 
más por usted? 
 
 
 
     
 
    Si tiene problemas para reparar su vehículo de inmediato y sin costo alguno, 
comuníquese con el gerente de servicio de su concesionario para solicitar 
ayuda.  
PROPIETARIOS MINORISTAS: Si tiene dudas o preguntas, comuníquese 
con nuestro Centro de Relación con Clientes (CRC) Ford al 1-866-436-
7332 y uno de nuestros representantes con gusto lo atenderá. El CRC está 
abierto de lunes a viernes de 8:30 a. m. a 7:00 p. m. (hora del este). Si es 
usuario de TTY/TDD, comuníquese con el CRC al número que se 
menciona, mediante el servicio de retransmisión de telecomunicaciones, 
para esto, marque el 711. 
 Copyright 2025 Lincoln – Una marca de Ford Motor Company  ¿Podemos hacer algo 
más por usted? 
(continuación) Si desea comunicarse con nosotros a través de Internet, nuestra dirección 
es lincoln.com/support . 
PROPIETARIOS DE FLOTAS: Si tiene dudas o preguntas, comuníquese 
con nuestro Centro de contacto de Ford Pro al 1-800-34-FLEET , elija la 
opción n.°  1 y uno de nuestros representantes con gusto lo atenderá. Si 
desea comunicarse con nosotros a través de Internet, nuestra dirección es 
fleet.ford.com . 
Los representantes atienden de lunes a viernes, de 7:00 a.m. a 11:00 p.m. y 
sábado de 7:00 a.m. a 5:00 p.m. (hora del este).  
Gracias por su atención en este asunto sumamente importante. 
Lincoln  
 Copyright 202 5 Lincoln – A Ford Motor Company Brand   
Lincoln  
PO Box 1904  
Dearborn, Michigan 48121  
 February 2025 
Customer Satisfaction Program 24B59 
 
Mr. John Sample 
123 Main Street 
Anywhere, USA 12345  
 12345678901234567 
 
At Lincoln, we are committed not only to building high-quality , dependable products but also to 
building a community of happy, satisfied customers. To demonstrate that commitment, we are 
providing a no-charge Customer Satisfaction Program for your vehicle.  
 
Why are you receiving 
this notice? On your vehicle, it may be possible a front select -fit shim is missing within 
the transmission.  
  
What is the effect ? Over time, a missing front select -shift shim may lead to degradation of 
transmission shift quality. Transmission shifts may become rough and jerky. 
If the issue progresses without repair, a powertrain wrench light may 
illuminate in the cluster.  
  
What will Lincoln  and 
your retailer  do?  
 
  Parts are now available to repair your vehicle . Please confirm parts 
availability with your retailer  when scheduling an appointment. I n the interest 
of customer satisfaction, Lincoln has authorized your retailer  to replace your 
transmission free of charge under the terms of this program. 
This Customer Satisfaction Program will be in effect until February 28, 2026 
or 60,000 miles, whichever occurs first. Coverage is automatically 
transferred to subsequent owners. 
  
How long will it take?   The time needed for this repair is less than one and one -half days. However, 
due to service scheduling requirements, your retailer  may need your vehicle 
for a longer period of time. 
  
What should you do?  
 
   
 
 
 Please call your retailer  without delay to schedule a service appointment  for 
Customer Satisfaction Program 24B59. 
If you do not already have a servicing retailer , you can access 
Lincoln.com/support for retailer  addresses, maps, and driving instructions.  
Lincoln wants you to have this service action completed on your vehicle. The 
vehicle owner is responsible for making arrangements to have the work 
completed. 
NOTE:  You can receive information about Recalls and Customer 
Satisfaction P rograms through The Lincoln Way : Lincoln Owner App.  The 

 Copyright 202 5 Lincoln – A Ford Motor Company Brand  What should you do?  
(continued)  app can be downloaded through the App Store or Google Play.  In addition , 
there are other features such as controlling certain functions on your vehicle 
(lock or unlock doors, remote start) if it is equipped to allow control. 
  
Pick-Up and Delivery  Complimentary vehicle Pick -Up & Delivery service may also be available 
upon request from your retailer Your retailer will pick up your vehicle and 
return it with the repair completed. 
  
Do you need a rental 
vehicle? Your retailer  is authorized to provide a rental vehicle for your personal 
transportation at no charge (except for fuel, insurance, and tolls ) while your 
vehicle is at the retailer  for repairs. Please see your retailer  for guidelines 
and limitations. 
  
What if you no longer 
own this vehicle? If you no longer own this vehicle and have an address for the current owner, 
please forward this letter to the new owner.  
You received this notice because our records, which are based primarily on state registration and title data, indicate you are the current owner.  
  
Can we assist you 
further?  If you have difficulties getting your vehicle repaired promptly and without 
charge, please contact your dealership’s Service Manager for assistance.  
RETAIL OWNERS : If you have questions or concerns, please contact our 
Ford Customer Relationship Center (CRC) at 1-866-436-7332 and one of 
our representatives will be happy to assist you. The CRC is open on 
weekdays from 8:30 AM – 7:00 PM  (Eastern Time). TTY/TDD users, please 
contact the CRC at the number listed using the Telecommunication Relay 
Service by dialing 711.  
If you wish to contact us through the internet, our address is 
lincoln .com/support.  
FLEET OWNERS: If you have questions or concerns, please contact our 
Ford Pro Contact  Center at 1-800-34-FLEET , choose Option #1 , and one 
of our representatives will be happy to assist you. If you wish to contact us 
through the Internet, our address is fleet.f ord.com . 
Representatives are available Monday through Friday: 7:00 AM  – 11:00 PM 
and Saturday 7:00 AM –  5:00 PM  (Eastern Time). 
Thank you for your attention to this important matter. 
Lincoln  
Mobile Service Repair Assessment  
Page | 1 
Customer Satisfaction Program 24B59 
Certain 2023 Model Year F-150 Super Duty, Expedition, Navigator, and Transit Vehicles  
Transmission Replacement 
 Copyright 2025 Ford Motor Company  
 
  
Mobile Service Repair Assessment  
 
Assessment levels have been identified to help determine the ease of performing eligible mobile 
service repairs for a Field Service Action (FSA) outside of the  dealership  service facility.  
 
Dealer Bulletin Within the Administrative Information Attachment of the dealer bulletin a mobile service repair 
assessment level(s) will be provided. These assessment levels have been determined using the amount of time, equipment and labor identified to perform the intended service action.  Assessment Levels 
- Mobile Reprogramming (MRA1)  
- Light Mobile Service (MRA2)  
- Enhanced Mobile Service (MRA3) 
- Advanced Mobile Service (MRA4) 
- Not a Mobile Service Repair  (MRA5)  
 - Wheel and Tire Mobile Service (MRA6)  
- Advanced Driver Assistance System (ADAS) Mobile Repair  (MRA7) 
  Description of each level that is used to determine the overall assessment . 
 – Mobile Reprogramming (MRA1) 
• Module Programming or similar type service s 
• Minimum tools maybe required other than an IDS/FDRS  setup 
• FDRS programming that requires internet connection ( Wi-F i or mobile hotspot)  
• Make sure vehicle has a charge port to ensure battery voltage is maintained during flashing of the module(s)   
• Repairs not greater than 1 hour  in length (including time to wait for programming)  
Note: The location will need a charging station or wall box to maintain the 12-volt battery .  
 
 – Light Mobile Service (MRA2)  
• Interior repair procedures that do not require seat, dash, or headliner removal  
• Under hood repairs that do not require large component removal  
• Exterior repairs that do not require large component/panel  removal  
• Repairs may require standard hand tools (Access to a Technician starter kit or similar)  
  

Mobile Service Repair Assessment  
Page | 2 
Customer Satisfaction Program 24B59 
Certain 2023 Model Year F-150 Super Duty, Expedition, Navigator, and Transit Vehicles  
Transmission Replacement 
 Copyright 2025 Ford Motor Company  
 
  
 – Enhanced Mobile Service (MRA3) 
• A two -person process is required anytime a procedure requires work under the 
vehicle 
• Brake Inspection and Brake Repair/Replacement 
• Limited Suspension Component replacement (no alignment)  
• Under Vehicle access for limited repairs (no large component removal)  
• Vehicle Check Up - VCU  
• Pre-Delivery Inspection - PDI 
• Used Car Inspection/Presale Inspection 
• May require floor jack, jack stands, and impact tools  
Note: Wheel lock may  be required.  
 
 – Advanced Mobile Service (MRA4) 
• Fluid Exchange/Oil Change  
• Light Repairs  
• Brake Hydraulic Repairs  
 
 – Not a Mobile Service Repair  (MRA5) 
1. Large component removal 
2. BEV Battery Replacement  
3. Requires a vehicle hoist  – to complete the repair (more than inspection)  
4. Required vehicle alignment 
5. Requires significant vehicle disassembly  
6. Repairs greater tha n 2-3 hours  
7. Any repairs that require M-Time  
8. Includes a service procedure where the vehicle owner may be distressed about the state 
of their vehicle.  
 – Wheel and Tire Mobile Service (MRA6)  
• Tire Removal from Wheel  
• Tire Balancing 
• Tire Repair 
Note: Specialized Mobile Service unit and equipment including Tire balancer and Tire 
Changer required.  
– Advanced Driver Assistance System ( ADAS) Mobile Repair  (MRA7) 
• Requires the uses of a ADAS Mobile Service Kit. 
• May require a post repair test drive.  
o Parking Lot Maneuvers  to capture parking lines for camera alignment. 
o Steady speed cruising (45 MPH). 
• The vehicle service location will have to be validated before scheduling an 
appointment to determine if a mobile repair is appropriate. 
 

 Copyright 2025  Ford Motor Company  
 
 24B59  
Vehicle Pick- Up and Delivery Record  
 
VIN ____________________________ received (check one):  
☐ Pick-up and/or delivery service  
As outlined below for the 24B59 Field Service Action program . 
 
☐ Pick-up           – Date: _______________  
 
☐ Delivery          –  Date: _______________  
 
   
Repair Order #  Repair Order Date  
   
Service Manager Signature Date  
 
 
 