Copyright 2025 General Motors. All Rights Reserved.Bulletin No.: 24-NA-270
Service BulletinDate: February, 2025
TECHNICAL
Headliner Noise/Squeak
 
Brand: Model: Model Year: VIN: Engine: Transmission:
from to from to
Chevrolet Silverado EV 2024 2025
- - All All
GMC Sierra EV 2024 2025
 
Involved Region or Country North America
Condition Some customers may comment on a noise/squeak coming from the headliner.
CauseThe cause of the condition may be the interface between the headliner retaining clips and
sheet metal slots where the headliner attaches to are contributing to this condition.
CorrectionTechnicians are instructed to replace the headliner retaining clips with a newly designed
clip.Subject:
Important: Service agents must comply with all International, Federal, State, Provincial, and/or Local laws
applicable to the activities it performs under this bulletin, including but not limited to handling, deploying,
preparing, classifying, packaging, marking, labeling, and shipping dangerous goods. In the event of a
conflict between the procedures set forth in this bulletin and the laws that apply to your dealership, you
must follow those applicable laws.
Important: This technical service bulletin (TSB) can only be completed by certified repair facilities who have met all
specific training, tool and equipment requirements pertaining to the vehicle Brand and Model serviced. Repairs must
be performed by a technician who has successfully completed the required training.
 
Service Procedure
If you encounter a vehicle with the above concern, complete the following:
1. Lower the entire headliner assembly. Refer to Headlining Trim Panel Replacement  in Si.
Note: It is only necessary to lower the headliner to access the 10 retaining clips. Removing the headliner is NOT
necessary.
2. Once the headliner is lowered, remove the headliner clips from the headliner. Discard the retaining clips.
Note: If any of the headliner clips separate during the lowering of the headliner and are still seated in the roof
supports then remove the separated section of the retaining clip(s) from the roof support(s) prior to reinstallation of
the headliner.
Page 2 February, 2025 Bulletin No.: 24-NA-270
6788455
Note: (A) – Old Clip, (B) – New Clip
6788456
3. Install the 10 new retaining clips into the headliner assembly.
4. Reinstall the headliner. Refer to Headlining Trim Panel Replacement  in Si.
5. Verify that the noise is no longer present before returning to the customer.
 
Parts Information
Causal
PartDescription Part
NumberQty
X RETAINER,HDLN
G T/PNL11605340 10
 
Bulletin No.: 24-NA-270 February, 2025 Page 3
GM bulletins are intended for use by professional technicians, NOT a "do-it-yourselfer" . They are written to inform these
technicians of conditions that may occur on some vehicles, or to provide information that could assist in the proper
service of a vehicle. Properly trained technicians have the equipment, tools, safety instructions, and know-how to do a job
properly and safely. If a condition is described, DO NOT assume that the bulletin applies to your vehicle, or that your
vehicle will have that condition. See your GM dealer for information on whether your vehicle may beneﬁt from the
information.
WE SUPPORT VOLUNTARY
TECHNICIAN
CERTIFICATIONWarranty Information
For vehicles repaired under the Bumper-to-Bumper coverage (Canada Base Warranty coverage), use the following
labor operation. Reference the Applicable Warranties section of Investigate Vehicle History (IVH) for coverage infor-
mation.
Labor Operation Description Labor Time
*1086968 Headliner Clip Replacement 1.3 hr
*This is a unique Labor Operation for Bulletin use only.
 
Version 1
Modified Released February 14, 2025