© 20 24 Toyota Motor Sales, USA   Toyota Motor Sales, USA, Inc.  
6565 Headquarters Drive  
Plano, TX 75024  
(469) 292 -4000  
  
Original Public ation Date: January  30, 2025  
  
To: All Toyota Dealer Principals, General Managers, Service Managers, and Parts Managers  
  
CUSTOMER SUPPORT PROGRAM 24TE0 5 
 
Certain 201 7 -2019 Model Year Highlander HV  
Coverage for Brake Booster and Brake Booster Pump Assemblies  
 
Model / Years  Production Period  Approximate Total Vehicles  
2017-2019 Model Y ear Highlander 
HV Late October  2016 – Early 
December  2019 53,800  
 
In our continuing efforts to ensure the best in customer satisfaction, Toyota is announcing a Customer Support 
Program to provide coverage for Brake Booster and Brake Booster Pump Assemblies on certain 201 7-2019 
Model Year Highlander HV . 
 
Background  
Although the Brake Booster and Brake Booster Pump Assemblies are covered by Toyota’s New Vehicle Limited Warranty for 3 years or 36,000 miles (whichever comes first), we at Toyota care about the customers’ ownership 
experience. Toyota is providing coverage for repairs related to certain internal malfunctions of the Brake 
Booster and Brake Booster Pump Assemblies in some of the subject vehicles.  
 
The following information is provided to inform you and your staff of the program notification schedule and your degree of involvement.  
 
Customer Support Program Details  
 
This Customer Support Program provides coverage as it applies to Brake Booster and Brake Booster Pump 
Assemblies on Certain 201 7-2019 Model Year Highlander HV . The specific condition covered by this program 
is related to certain internal malfunctions of the Brake Booster Assembly. One or more of the following 
specific Diagnostic Trouble Codes (DTCs) C1391, C1252, C1253 or C1256 will be stored in the vehicles 
memory to be used as verification. If the condition is verified, the vehicle will be repaired with n ew Brake 
Booster and Brake Booster Pump Assemblies under  the terms of this Customer Support Program.  
 
• The Primary Coverage will be offered until January  30, 202 6, rega rdless of mileage.  
• After the Primary Coverage, the Secondary Coverage is applicable for 10 years or 150,000 miles from 
the date of first use, whichever comes first.  
 
This coverage is for work performed at an authorized Toyota dealer only. It is subject to the same terms and conditions set 
forth in the New Vehicle Limited Warranty Section of the Owner’s Warranty Information booklet. For example, damage from 
abuse, an accident, theft and/or vandalism is not covered.  
 
 
Covered Vehicles  
There are approximately 53, 800 vehicles covered by this Customer Support Program.  
 

Customer Support Program 24TE 05 - Page | 2 
© 20 24 Toyota Motor Sales, USA  Owner Letter Mailing Date  
Toyota will begin to notify owners in February 2025 and w ill be mailed over several months. A sample of the 
owner notification letter has been included for your reference.  
 
 
Customer Handling, Parts Ordering, and Remedy Procedures  
 
Customer Contacts  
Customers who receive the owner letter may contact your dealership with questions regarding the letter 
and/or the Customer Support Program. Please welcome them to your dealership and answer any questions 
that they may have. A Q&A is provided to assure a co nsistent message is communicated.  
 Customers with additional questions or concerns are asked to please contact the Toyota Brand Engagement  
Center (1 -888-270-9371) - Monday through Friday, 8 :00 am to 8 :00 pm, Saturday 9:00 am to 7:00  pm Eastern  
Time.  
 
Salvage Title Vehicles  
There is no New Vehicle Limited Warranty coverage or non-emission CSP coverage for vehicles that have been 
branded as salvage, total loss, true mileage unknown, or similar title under any state’s law. Nonetheless, every attempt should be made to complete an open emission related CSP when circumstances permit, unl ess noted 
otherwise in the CSP dealer letter.  
 
• This CSP IS emission related; therefore, vehicles branded as salvage, total loss, true mileage unknown, or 
similar title ARE ELIGIBLE  for coverage under this CSP.  
 
For complete details on this policy, refer to Toyota Warranty Policy 4.17 , “What Is Not Covered by The Toyota 
New Vehicle Limited Warranty”.  
 
Customer Marketing  
Direct  marketing of  this Customer Support  Program  is strictly  prohibited  pursuant  to the Toyota  Warranty 
Policy  5.22, “Warranty  Solicitation.” Non -compliance of  this policy  may  result  in a claim  debit.  
 
Media Contacts  
It is imperative that all media contacts (local and national) receive a consistent message. In this regard, all 
media contacts must be directed to pressroom.toyota.com .  
 
Parts Ordering Process - Non SET and GST Parts Ordering Process  
It is possible that parts for this campaign required to be ordered on Service Lane  and have been placed on 
Manual Allocation Control (MAC) due to potential limited part availability. Please check the CPOR/MAC report 
on Dealer Daily for the most up -to-date parts ordering information.   Dealers can identify which parts ordering 
method to use by reviewing the parts information section of Dealer Daily and checking for a MAC code on the part numbers below.  For MAC code C, order through CPOR.  For MAC code D, ref er to the MAC report for 
further instructions.   
 
As this is a Customer Support Program, the condition MUST  be verified by inspecting the vehicle. Therefore, 
dealers SHOULD NOT  increase their stock of related repair parts. Dealers are requested to only order parts for 
Customer Support Program 24TE 05 - Page | 3 
© 20 24 Toyota Motor Sales, USA  vehicles experiencing this condition only. DO NOT ORDER FOR STOCK.  As always, if a customer experiences 
the condition described,  dealers should conduct appropriate diagnosis and order the applicable parts.  
 
 
Model  Model Year  Part Name  Part Number  
Highlander HV  2017 - 2019  
ACTUATOR ASSY, BRAKE 
W/FLUID  T-SB-0014-25 PUMP ASSY, BRAKE 
BOOSTER 
W/ACCUMULATOR  
All Customer Support Program (CSP) parts are eligible for the Monthly Parts Return Program. Please refer to 
PANT Bulletin 2011 -087 for campaign parts that are currently returnable under the Monthly Parts Return 
Program and for additional details.  
 
Technician Training Requirements  
The repair quality of covered vehicles is extremely important to Toyota. All dealership technicians performing 
this repair are required to successfully complete the most current version of the E- Learning course “Safety 
Recall and Service Campaign Essential s”. To ensure that all vehicles have the repair performed correctly; 
technicians performing this repair are required to have completed the following courses : 
 
• T5537  – Toyota Brake Systems  
 
Always check which technicians can perform the repair by logging on to https://www.uotdealerreports.com . 
It is the dealership’s responsibility to select technicians with the above certification level or greater to perform 
this repair. Carefully review your resources, the technician skill level, and ability before assigning technicians 
to this repair.  It is important to consider technician days off and vacation schedules to ensure there are 
properly trained technicians available to perform this repair at all times.  
 
NOTE: Claims  for repairs  that were  performed by non-qualified  technicians  are subject  to debit.  
 
Remedy  Procedures  
Technical instructions for this Customer Support Program can be fo und in T -SB-0014-25 for Highlander HV . 
 
Parts Recovery Procedures  
All parts replaced as part of this Customer Support Program must be turned over to the parts department until appropriate disposition is determined. The parts department must retain these parts until notification via 
the Parts Recovery System (PRS) is received indicating whether to ship or scrap the  parts. These parts are 
utilized by various departments for defect analysis, quality control analysis, product evaluation, as well as other purposes.  
 
To help minimize dealer storage challenges, Toyota recommends that dealers:  
• File the campaign claim accurately and promptly. The time a dealer is required to hold parts is based on 
when the campaign claim is paid by Toyota.  
• Monitor the Warranty Parts Recovery Notifications and Part Scrap Report regularly.  
 
Refer to Warranty Policies 9.3 and 9.6 for additional details.  
Customer Support Program 24TE 05 - Page | 4 
© 20 24 Toyota Motor Sales, USA   
 
 
 
Warranty Reimbursement Procedures  
 
 
Reimbursement Procedure  
NOTE : If the vehicle  is still under  the New  Vehicle  Limited  Warranty,  submit  the repair as a Regular  warranty  
claim.   
Op Code  Description  Flat Rate Hours  
24TE0 5R1 Highlander  
Replace Brake Actuator Assembly 
+ Replace Brake Booster Pump 
Assembly  2.0 
 
Claim Filing Accuracy and Correction Requests  
It is the dealer’s responsibility to file claims correctly for this Customer Support Program. This claim filing 
information is used by Toyota for various government reporting activities; therefore, claim filing accuracy is 
crucial. If it has been identifie d that a claim has been filed using an incorrect Op Code or a claim has been 
filed for an incorrect VIN, refer to Warranty Procedure Bulletin PRO17 -03 to correct the claim.  
 
Customer Reimbursement  
Reimbursement consideration instructions will be included in the owner letter.  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
Customer Support Program 24TE 05 - Page | 5 
© 20 24 Toyota Motor Sales, USA   
 
Campaign Designation / Phase Decoder  
 
 
 
Examples:   
19TA01  = Launched in 201 9, Toyota, Safety Recall Remedy Phase, 1st Safety Recall Launched in 2019  
20TC02 = Launched in 20 20, Special Service Campaign , 2nd Special Service Campaign Launched in 20 20 
21TE05 = Launched in 20 21, Customer Support Program , 5th Customer Support Program Launched in 2021  
 
Please review this entire package with your Service and Parts staff to familiarize them with the proper step -by-
step procedures required to implement this Customer Support Program . 
 Thank you for your cooperation.  
TOYOTA MOTOR SALES, U.S.A., INC.  

FAQ Page 1 of 4 
© 20 24 Toyota Motor Sales, USA   
 
 
CUSTOMER SUPPORT PROGRAM 2 4TE05 
 
Certain 2017-2019 Model Year Highlander HV  
Coverage for Brake Booster and Brake Booster Pump Assemblies  
 
Frequently Asked Questions  
Original Publication Date: January  30, 202 5 
 
Q1: What is the condition?  
A1: Toyota has received reports regarding the Brake Booster and Brake Booster Pump Assemblies on 
certain 201 7-2019 model year Highlander HV vehicles . In these reports, customers have noted various 
brake system related warning lamps are illuminated.  
 
Q1a:  Which brake system warning indicator(s) may be related to these conditions?  
A1a:  If the following warning lamps are illuminated, the vehicle may be experiencing a concern with the Brake Booster or Brake Booster Pump Assemblies that are covered by this Customer 
Support Program.  
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
Master Warning 
Light (Yellow)  Brake System 
Warning Light 
and Warning 
Buzzer (Red)  Brake System 
Warning Light  
(Red)  ABS Warning 
Light (Yellow)  SLIP Indicator  
(Yellow)  
 
NOTE: It is possible for the lights above to be illuminated and the condition not be related to 
this Customer Support Program.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

FAQ Page 2 of 4 
© 20 24 Toyota Motor Sales, USA  Q2: What is Toyota going to do?  
A2: Although the Brake Booster and Brake Booster Pump Assemblies are covered by Toyota’s New Vehicle 
Limited Warranty for normal warranty coverage period, 3 years or 36,000 miles (whichever comes first), 
we at Toyota care about the customers’ ownership experience. Toyota is providing coverage for repairs 
related to the certain internal malfunctions of the Brake Booster Assemb ly.  Your dealer can determine 
if your vehicle is experiencing the condition covered by this Customer Support Program by confirming 
the presence of one or more of the following specific Diagnostic Trouble Codes (DTCs) C1391, C1252, 
C1256 or C1253 that will be stored in the vehicle’s memory.  
 
Toyota will send an owner notification by first class mail starting in February 2025, advising owners of 
this Customer Support Program.  
 
Q3: Which and how many vehicles are covered by this Customer Support Program?  
A3:        There are approximately 53,800 vehicles covered by this Customer Support Program.  
 
Model Name  Model Year  Production Period  
Highlander HV  2017-2019 Late October  2016 – Early December 2019 
 
Q3a:  Are there any other Lexus/Toyota/Scion vehicles covered by this Customer Support Program in 
the U.S.?  
A3a:  No. However, the following vehicles are covered for this condition. Please refer to the ZJB, ZKC, 
ZLM, ZKK, 20LE03, 20TE07, 21LE01,  23TE06,  23LE04 , and 23TE07  Dealer Letters and FAQs for 
additional information.  
• Certain 2010 -2015 MY Prius and Prius PHV vehicles are covered for this condition under 
Customer Support Program ZJB.  
• Certain 2008- 2010 MY Highlander Hybrid vehicles are covered for this condition under 
Customer Support Program ZKC.  
• Certain 2013- 2015 MY ES300 h vehicles are covered for this condition under Customer Support 
Program ZLM.  
• Certain 2012- 2014 MY Camry Hybrid vehicles and certain 2013 -2015 Avalon Hybrid vehicles are 
covered for this condition under Customer Support Program ZKK.  
• Certain 2010 -2012 MY RX450H vehicles are covered for this condition under Customer Support 
Program 20LE03.  
• Certain 2012- 2014 MY Prius V and certain 2015 MY Prius V vehicles are covered for this condition 
under Customer Support Program 20TE07.  
• Certain 2011 -2013 MY CT200H vehicles are covered for this condition under Customer Support 
Program 21LE01.  
• Certain 2017 MY Prius V vehicles are covered for this condition under Customer Support 
Program 23TE06.  
• Certain 2010 –  2012 MY HS250h, 2008- 2012 MY LS600, 2013- 2017 MY LS 460, 2013- 2015 MY GS 
450h, 2016 –  2019 MY RX 450h vehicles are covered for this condition under Customer Support 
Program 23LE04.  
• Certain 2016 MY Prius V vehicles are covered for this condition under Customer Support Program 23TE07 . 
• Certain 2014- 2016 MY Highlander HV, 2015- 2017 MY Prius C vehicles are covered for this 
condition under Customer Support Program 24TE01.  
FAQ Page 3 of 4 
© 20 24 Toyota Motor Sales, USA  • Certain 2014 -2017 MY CT200h vehicles are covered for this condition under Customer Support 
Program 24LE01.  
 
Q4: What are the details of this program?  
A4: This Customer Support Program provides coverage as it applies to the Brake Booster and Brake Booster 
Pump Assemblies. If the condition is verified, the vehicle will be repaired with new Brake Booster and 
Brake Booster Pump Assemblies under  the terms of this Customer Support Program.  
 
• The Primary Coverage will be offered u ntil January  30, 202 6, regardless of mileage.  
• After the Primary Coverage, the Secondary Coverage is applicable for 10 years or 150,000 miles 
from the date of first use, whichever  comes first.  
 
This coverage is for work performed at an authorized Toyota dealer only. It is subject to the same terms 
and conditions set forth in the New Vehicle Limited Warranty Section of the Owner’s Warranty 
Information booklet. For example, damage from abuse, an ac cident, theft and/or vandalism is not 
covered.  
 
Q5: Which part(s) are covered by this Customer Support Program?  
A5: The specific components covered by this program are as follows  
• Brake Booster Assembly  
• Brake Booster Pump Assembly  
 
Q6: What should an owner do if experiencing this condition?  
A6: If an owner thinks that he/she has experienced the condition described in this Customer Support Program, a local Toyota dealer should be contacted for appropriate diagnosis and repair. If the 
condition is verified as being in accordance with the terms of t he program, the repair will be performed 
FREE OF CHARGE  to the owner.  
 
Q6a:  What if the diagnosis is performed and my vehicle is not covered by the Customer Support 
Program?  
A6a:  Please be aware that, if the condition is not covered by this Customer Support Program, the 
customer may be responsible for the initial diagnostic fees and any other repairs he/she may 
decide to have performed. Any authorized Toyota Dealership can det ermine if a condition is 
covered by this Customer Support Program.  
 
Q7: What if an owner HAS NOT experienced this condition but would like to have the repair completed?  
A7: This Customer Support Program only applies to vehicles that have exhibited the condition described 
above. If an owner has not experienced the condition, he/she is asked to tear off the sheet included in 
the owner letter and insert it into the Owner’s Warra nty Information Booklet for future reference.  
 
Q8: How long will the repair take?  
A8: The repair takes approximately two and a half  hours. However, depending upon the dealer’s work 
schedule, it may be necessary to make the vehicle available for a longer period of time.  
 
 
FAQ Page 4 of 4 
© 20 24 Toyota Motor Sales, USA  Q9: What if I previously paid for repairs related to this Customer Support Program?  
A9: Reimbursement consideration instructions will be provided in the owner letter.  
 
Q10:  How does Toyota obtain my mailing information?  
A10: Toyota uses an industry provider who works with each state’s Department of Motor Vehicles (DMV) to 
receive registration or title information, based upon the DMV records. Please make sure your 
registration or title information is correct.  
 
Q11:  What if I have additional questions or concerns?  
A11: If you have additional questions or concerns, please contact the Toyota Brand Engagement Center at 
1-888-270-9371 Monday through Friday, 8:00 am to 8:00 pm, Saturday 9:00 am to 7:00 pm Eastern 
Time.  
 
TOYOTA  
  
 Toyota Motor Sales, USA, Inc.  
6565 Headquarters Drive  
Plano, TX 75024  
 
Certain 201 7 -2019 Model Year Highlander HV  
Coverage for Brake Booster and Brake Booster Pump Assemblies  
CUSTOMER SUPPORT PROGRAM 2 4TE0 5 NOTIFICATION  
 
[VIN]  
 
Dear Toyota  Owner:  
 
At Toyota,  we are dedicated to providing vehicles of outstanding quality and value. As part of our continual 
efforts to ensure customer satisfaction, Toyota would  like to advise you of a voluntary Customer Support 
Program  that has been initiated for your vehicle.  
 
This Customer Support Program provides coverage as it applies to Brake Booster and Brake Booster Pump 
Assemblies on certain  2017-2019 Model Year Highlander HV . The specific condition covered by this program 
is related to certain internal malfunctions of the Brake Booster Assembly. One or more of the following specific Diagnostic Trouble Codes (DTCs) C1391, C1252, C1256 or C1253 will be stored in the vehicles me mory to be 
used as verification. If the condition is verified, the vehicle will be repaired with new Brake Booster and Brake 
Booster Pump Assemblies under  the terms of this Customer Support Program.  
 
If the following warning lamps are illuminated, the vehicle may be experiencing a concern with the Brake Booster and Brake Booster Pump Assemblies that are covered by this Customer Support Program.
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
Master Warning 
Light (Yellow)  Brake System 
Warning Light 
and Warning 
Buzzer (Red) Brake System 
Warning Light 
(Red)  ABS Warning 
Light (Yellow)  SLIP Indicator  
(Yellow)  
 
NOTE:  It is possible for the lights above to be illuminated and the condition not be related to this 
Customer Support Program.  
 
Primary Coverage  Secondary Coverage  
(After Primary Coverage ends)  
Applicable u ntil January  30, 2026, r egardless of 
mileage . Applicable for 10 years from the date of first use or 
150,000 miles, whichever  occurs first.  
  
SAMPLE
What should you do?  
Please tear off and insert the sheet at the bottom of the page into the back of your Owner’s Manual for future 
reference. If you have not experienced the condition described in the Customer Support Program Details 
below, there is no action necessary at this time.  
 
If you have experienced this condition, we recommend you  contact any authorized Toyota dealer  and make 
arrangements for diagnosis and, if applicable, repair. The repair will take approximately 2 and a half hours . 
However, depending upon the dealer’s work schedule, it may be necessary to make the vehicle available for a 
longer period of time.  
 
What if you have other questions?  
 
• Refer to the Frequently Asked Questions sheet included with this letter.  
• Your local  Toyota dealer  will also be more than happy to answer any of your questions.  
• Customers with additional questions or concerns are asked to please contact the Toyota Brand 
Engagement Center (1 -888-270-9371 ) - Monday through Friday, 8:00 am to  8:00 pm, Saturday 8:00 am to 
7:00 pm Eastern  Time.  
 
If you would like to update your vehicle ownership or contact information, please visit 
https://www.toyota.com/recall/update -info-toyota . You will need your full 17 -digit Vehicle Identification 
Number (VIN) to input the new information.  
 
What if you have previously paid for repairs to your vehicle for this specific condition?  
If you have previously paid for repairs related to this condition, please mail a copy of your repair details (for 
example: a repair order) , proof- of-payment, and ownership information to the following address for 
reimbursement consideration:  
 
Toyota Brand Engagement Center - TSR  
Toyota Motor Sales, USA, Inc.  
c/o Toyota Motor North America, Inc.  
P O Box 259001 – SSC/CSP Reimbursements  
Plano, Texas 75025- 9001  
 
 Please refer to the attached Reimbursement Checklist for required documentation details.  
 We have sent this notice in the interest of your continued satisfaction with our products. We sincerely regret 
any inconvenience this condition may have caused you.  
 
Thank you for driving a Toyota . 
 Sincerely,  
 TOYOTA MOTOR SALES, U.S.A., INC.  
  
SAMPLE
 
▼ Remove at perforation and place in the back of your owner’s manual ▼ 
    
Customer Support Program 2 4TE05 Details  
  
A voluntary Customer Support Program has been initiated for your vehicle  
  
This Customer Support Program provides coverage as it applies to the 
Brake Booster and Brake Booster Pump Assemblies. The specific 
condition covered by this program is related to certain internal 
malfunctions of the Brake Booster Assembly. One or more of the 
following specific Diagnostic Troubl e Codes (DTCs) C1391, C1252, C1256 
or C1253 will be stored in the vehicles memory to be used as verification. 
If the condition is verified, the vehicle will be repaired with new Brake Booster and Brake Booster Pump Assemblies under the terms of this Custom er Support Program.  
 
 
• The Primary Coverage will be offered until January  30, 202 6, 
regardless of mileage.  
• After the Primary Coverage, the Secondary Coverage is applicable 
for 10 years or 150,000 miles from the date of first use, whichever 
comes first.  
 
Please note that this coverage is for work performed at an authorized 
Toyota dealer only.  
 
This coverage is subject to the same terms and conditions set forth in the New Vehicle Limited 
Warranty Section of the Owner’s Warranty Information booklet. For example, damage from 
abuse, an accident, theft and/or vandalism is not covered.  
 
*Please see your Toyota dealer for additional 
details  VIN
#   
Date of First Use    
   
 
  
SAMPLE
 
TOYOTA  
CUSTOMER SUPPORT PROGRAM  
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS  
 
Q1: Is this a recall ? 
A1: No. This is not a recall. At Toyota, we are dedicated to providing vehicles of outstanding quality and 
value. As part of our continual efforts to help ensure customer satisfaction, Toyota is advising you of this Customer Support Program. 
 
Q2: If my vehicle does not have this condition, do I need to make an appointment with my dealership ? 
A2: No, you do not need to take your vehicle to a dealership unless your vehicle is exhibiting the condition described in this letter. 
If you have not experienced this condition, please tear off and insert the sheet 
from the bottom of the owner letter into the back of your owner’s manual  for future reference.  
 
Q3: Is the Customer Support Program coverage transferable if I sell my vehicle?  
A3: Yes, this Customer Support Program coverage is fully transferrable to subsequent vehicle owners for the condition and terms specified in the notification letter.
 
 
Q4: What should I do if my vehicle has the condition described?  
A4: If you experience this condition, please contact any authorized Toyota dealer and make arrangements for diagnosis and, if applicable, repair.  
 
Q5: Which part(s) are covered by this Customer Support Program?  
A5: Refer to the owner letter to find the specific component(s) covered by this program. 
 
Q6: What if the diagnosis is performed and my vehicle is not covered by the Customer Support Program?  
A6: Please be aware that, if the condition is not covered by this Customer Support Program, you may be 
responsible for the initial diagnostic fees and any other repairs you may decide to have performed. Any 
authorized Toyota Dealership can determine if a condition is covered by this Customer Support 
Program. 
 
 
SAMPLE