Technical Ser vice Bulletin
Technical Ser vice Bulletin : TSB250047 Released Date : 27-F eb-2025
HDK Cx & C12D6RE Low Coolant Le vel Issue
HDKCx & C 12D6RE Low Coolant Level Issue
Warranty Statement
ContentsThe information in this document has no eff ect on pr esent warr anty co verage or r epair pr actices,
nor does it authoriz e TRP or Campaign actions.
Product Aff ected
HDK CA, spec H
HDK CB, spec H
HDK CC, spec H
HDK CD, spec H
C12D6RE, spec A
Issue Summar y
Sympt oms:
Gener ator set shutdowns on F ault Code 1 - Engine Ov er Temper ature.
Air pock ets in the system.
Possible visible signs of low or no coolant in the engine coolant r eser voir.
Root Cause:
Insufficient engine coolant in the cooling system due t o trapped air pock ets in the cooling
system.
Verification
If the unit is experiencing shutdowns fr om F ault Code 1 or appears t o ha ve low coolant, pr oceed t o
the r esolution section.
Resolution
The r esolution consists of adding coolant t o the system as needed, following the Ser vice
Instructions outlined below .
Service Instructions
Complete the tr oubleshooting steps for F ault Code 1 as outlined in Ser vice Manual A043M526 and
follow the ser vice instructions pr ovided below .
Step 1:  When engine is cool and not running, locate the ser vice door and pr ess the butt on to
release the latch.
Figur e 1, Gener ator Set Ser vice Door
Step 2:  Locate the coolant r ecovery tank on the left side of the gener ator set. Remo ve the pr essur e
cap while holding the r adiat or pr essur e and fill neck ele vated – and check for air pock ets.
Figur e 2, Coolant Reco very Tank Location on Gener ator Set
Proper Fill:
Step 3:  Add coolant t o the pr essur e cap hose until the hose is full. Then, r einstall the pr essur e cap.
Figur e 3, Pr essur e Cap Hose Location
Step 4:  Remo ve the r ecovery tank cap when the engine is cool and not running, and add coolant as
needed until the r eser voir is at least half full.
Figur e 4, Reco very Tank Cap Location
Note:  When the engine is cool and not running, the coolant le vel in the tank should be r oughly in
the center of M AX and MIN markings.
Document Hist ory
Figur e 5, Indications of Maximum and Minimum Coolant Le vels
Publications Aff ected / Associated Publications
Table 3, Publications Aff ected
Manual Type EngineBulletin
NumberProcedur e
TitleProcedur e Section
Service
ManualA044B682 A043M526Maintaining
the Coolant
SystemRefilling
Cooling
System3-10
Service
ManualA044B682 A075E611Maintaining
the Coolant
SystemRefilling
Cooling
System5.1.11
Date Details
2025-2-25Module Cr eated
Last Modified:  27- Feb-2025