 
  
   
 
This document does not authorize warranty repairs.   This communication documents a record of past experiences.   STAR Online  
does not provide any conclusions about what is wrong with the vehicle.  Rather, it captures all previous cases known that appear  
to be similar or related to the vehicle symptom / condition.   You are the expert, and you are responsible for deciding on the  
appropriate course of action.  
 
Contact STAR Center, or your Technical Assistance Center Via TechConnect,  eCONTACT or Service Library  
entry if no solution is found .  
 
Stellantis  US LLC                                           Version 4.5 07/22/2022 
Case Number:   S250800001 5 
 
Release Date:   February  2025 
Symptom/Vehicle Issue : Vehicle is Not Starting After a Recent Jump Start has Been 
Performed , Service Requiring Charging to a 12Volt Battery to Avoid Damage to the  Integrated Dual 
Charge Module  (IDCM )  
Customer  Complaint/T echnician  Observation:  The owner explains that after  a jump start , 
the vehicle is no  longer  starting. The technician observed  the vehicle is setting Diagnostic Trouble 
Code (DTC)  U12AF  Loss of Communication  with the IDCM.  
 
Repair Procedure : If the  Hybrid Control Processor  (HCP)  is setting  U12AF after a jump start, 
confirm there are no loss of main power and or ground or BUS circuit issues at the IDCM. If no circuit 
issues  have been located , a replacement IDCM may be required.  
 
To prevent damag e to the IDCM  follow the below 12V battery charging procedure . 
 
Discharged 12 -Volt batteries on PHEV/BEV – Charging Process to Avoid Damaging the IDCM  
 
Charging a completely Discharged 12 -Volt Battery on PHEV/BEV.  
 
When a 12 -Volt battery is completely discharged  on a Stellantis PHEV or BEV vehicle we should be 
using the procedure found in service library related to the 12 -Volt battery charging. Unless this 
procedure is properly followed, a good battery may be needlessly  replaced. The c harging rate of a  
battery depends on the battery temperature  and the amount the battery has been depleted . Batteries 
at warmer temperature 32 degrees or above will accept a higher charge rate than those with a lower 
temperature.   
 
1. Measure the battery voltage at the battery posts with a voltmeter  for accurate battery 
voltages. B atteries below 10 -Volts can be considered extremely discharged.  
2. Disconnect and isolate the negative battery cable. If equipped with an Intelligent Battery 
Sensor (IBS), disconnect the IBS connector FIRST before disconnecting the negative battery 
cable.  
3. Charge a battery based on the battery temperature and the depleted state of charge.  
 
  
   
 
This document does not authorize warranty repairs.   This communication documents a record of past experiences.   STAR Online  
does not provide any conclusions about what is wrong with the vehicle.  Rather, it captures all previous cases known that appear  
to be similar or related to the vehicle symptom / condition.   You are the expert, and you are responsible for deciding on the  
appropriate course of action.  
 
Contact STAR Center, or your Technical Assistance Center Via TechConnect,  eCONTACT or Service Library  
entry if no solution is found .  
 
Stellantis  US LLC                                           Version 4.5 07/22/2022 
Charging a 12-Volt depleted batter y on a PHEV/BEV vehicle  is dependent on the ground cable 
being disconnected  as described in step 2. If the ground cable is not disconnected  as detailed , 
damage to the IDCM  may occur . 
4.  See Service Library (SL) for complete 12V battery service and charging needs. 08 - 
Electrical / 8F - Engine Systems / Battery System / Standard Procedure)  
 
 
 
 