Copyright 2025 General Motors. All Rights Reserved.Bulletin No.: 24-NA-228
Service BulletinDate: January, 2025
TECHNICAL
Dead 12V Battery Requiring a Jump to Start the Vehicle
Brand: Model: Model Year: VIN: Engine: Transmission:
from to from to
Chevrolet Colorado 2024 2024
       
GMC Canyon 2024 2024
Involved Region or Country North America
ConditionSome customers may comment on a dead 12V battery and require a jump to start the
vehicle.
CauseThe cause of the condition may be software issue within the VCU (Vehicle
Communication Unit) that prevents the VCU from properly shutting down when the
vehicle is powered down.
CorrectionIf there is a VCU software update available, update the Radio to the latest available
version.
Refer to TSB #24-NA-136: Radio Software Version is W38E-174.4.1-M170-SQBR5-180.5
- (Aug 14, 2024).
Test the battery, if it fails the initial test, it may require a second charge to recover the
battery.Subject:
Service Procedure
Important: Service agents must comply with all International, Federal, State, Provincial, and/or Local laws
applicable to the activities it performs under this bulletin, including but not limited to handling, deploying,
preparing, classifying, packaging, marking, labeling, and shipping dangerous goods. In the event of a
conflict between the procedures set forth in this bulletin and the laws that apply to your dealership, you
must follow those applicable laws.
Caution: Before downloading the update files, be sure the computer is connected to the internet through a network
cable (hardwired). DO NOT DOWNLOAD or install the files wirelessly. If there is an interruption during programming,
programming failure or control module damage may occur.
• Ensure the programming tool is equipped with the latest software and is securely connected to the data link
connector. If there is an interruption during programming, programming failure or control module damage may
occur.
• Stable battery voltage is critical during programming. Any fluctuation, spiking, over voltage or loss of voltage will
interrupt programming. Install a GM Authorized Programming Support Tool to maintain system voltage. Refer to
www.gmdesolutions.com for further information.  If not available, connect a fully charged 12 V jumper or booster
pack disconnected from the AC voltage supply. DO NOT connect a battery charger.
• Follow the on-screen prompts regarding ignition power mode, but ensure that anything that drains excessive
power (exterior lights, HVAC blower motor, etc) is off.
• Clear DTCs after programming is complete. Clearing powertrain DTCs will set the Inspection/Maintenance (I/M)
system status indicators to NO.
Important: The service technician always needs to verify that the VIN displayed in the TLC left side drop down
menu and the top center window match the VIN plate of the vehicle to be programmed prior to using Service
Programming System 2 (SPS2) for programming or reprogramming a module.
Page 2 January, 2025 Bulletin No.: 24-NA-228
• For the TLC application, service technicians need to always ensure that the power mode (ignition) is “ON”
before reading the VIN from the vehicle’s VIN master module and that they do not select a VIN that is already in
the TLC application memory from a previous vehicle.
• If the VIN that shows up in the TLC top center window after correctly reading the VIN from the vehicle does not
match the VIN plate of the vehicle, manually type in the VIN characters from the vehicle VIN plate into the TLC
top center window and use these for programming or reprogramming the subject module with the correct vehicle
VIN and software and/or calibrations.
• The Engine Control Module (ECM) is the master module (for VIP vehicles) that TLC reads to determine the VIN
of the vehicle. If the VIN read from the vehicle by TLC does not match the VIN plate of the vehicle, the ECM
also needs to be reprogrammed with the correct VIN, software and calibrations that match the vehicle’s VIN
plate.
• The Body Control Module (BCM) is the master module (for GEM vehicles) that TLC reads to determine the VIN
of the vehicle. If the VIN read from the vehicle by TLC does not match the VIN plate of the vehicle, the BCM
also needs to be reprogrammed with the correct VIN, software and calibrations that match the vehicle’s VIN
plate.
Caution: Be sure the VIN selected in the drop down menu (1) is the same as the vehicle connected (2) before
beginning programming.
5743643
Important: If the vehicle VIN DOES NOT match, the message below will be shown
Bulletin No.: 24-NA-228 January, 2025 Page 3
5877000
5644477
Important: Techline Connect screens shown above.
Important: If the same calibration/software warning is noted on the TLC Summary screen, select OK and follow
screen instructions. After a successful programming event, the WCC is located in the Service Programming System
dialogue box of the SPS Summary screen. No further action is required. Refer to the Warranty section of the bulletin.
1. Reprogram the Radio. Refer to A11 Radio: Programming and Setup .
Page 4 January, 2025 Bulletin No.: 24-NA-228
5644478
Note: The screenshot above is an example of module programming and may not be indicative of the specific module
that is being programmed. Module selection and VIN information have been blacked out.
Important: To avoid warranty transaction rejections, you MUST record the warranty claim code provided on the
Warranty Claim Code (WCC) screen shown above on the job card. Refer to callout 1 above for the location of the
WCC on the screen.
2. Record SPS Warranty Claim Code on job card for warranty transaction submission.
3. Then test and charge the battery one or two times as needed.
Warranty Information
For vehicles repaired under the Bumper-to-Bumper coverage (Canada Base Warranty coverage), use the following
labor operation. Reference the Applicable Warranties section of Investigate Vehicle History (IVH) for coverage infor-
mation.
Labor Operation Description Labor Time
2810335 Radio Reprogramming with SPSUse Published Labor
Operation Time
*2888018 Test and Charge the Battery 0.2
Add Test and Charge Battery a Second Time (As needed) 0.2
*This is a unique Labor Operation for Bulletin use only.
Important: **To avoid warranty transaction rejections, carefully read and follow the instructions below:
Bulletin No.: 24-NA-228 January, 2025 Page 5
Labor Operation Description Labor Time
6125814
• The Warranty Claim Code must be accurately entered in the “Warranty Claim Code” field of the transaction.
• When more than one Warranty Claim Code is generated for a programming event, it is required to document all Warranty
Claim Codes in the “Correction” field on the job card.  Dealers must also enter one of the codes in the “Warranty Claim
Code” field of the transaction, otherwise the transaction will reject. It is best practice to enter the FINAL code provided by
SPS2.
Warranty Claim Code Information Retrieval
6125774
Page 6 January, 2025 Bulletin No.: 24-NA-228
GM bulletins are intended for use by professional technicians, NOT a "do-it-yourselfer" . They are written to inform these
technicians of conditions that may occur on some vehicles, or to provide information that could assist in the proper
service of a vehicle. Properly trained technicians have the equipment, tools, safety instructions, and know-how to do a job
properly and safely. If a condition is described, DO NOT assume that the bulletin applies to your vehicle, or that your
vehicle will have that condition. See your GM dealer for information on whether your vehicle may beneﬁt from the
information.
WE SUPPORT VOLUNTARY
TECHNICIAN
CERTIFICATIONIf the Warranty Claim Code was not recorded on the Job Card, the code can be retrieved in the SPS2 system as
follows:
1. Open TLC on the computer used to program the vehicle.
2. Select and start SPS2.
3. Select Settings (1).
4. Select the Warranty Claim Code tab (2).
The VIN, Warranty Claim Code and Date/Time will be listed on a roster of recent programming events. If the code is
retrievable, dealers should resubmit the transaction making sure to include the code in the SPS Warranty Claim
Code field.
Version 3
Modified Released October 17, 2024
Revised January 09, 2025 - Revised Correction Section.
Revised January 27, 2025 - Removed unique Radio Reprogramming Labor Operation
and added SI Radio Reprogramming Labor Operation.