 
 Page 1 of 1 
  
TECHNICAL SERVICE OPERATIONS  
All rights reserved. Reproduction or translation in 
whole or in part is not permitted without 
authorization from the publisher. Printed in USA  MAS00 4560 © 202 5 Maserati North 
America. Aftersales  
www.maseratiusa.com   
 
 
 
MAS 004560 DS 25-04 
Diagnostic Sheet  
FROM : Maserati TSO      
TO: Maserati Network   
 
DATE : February  4, 2025 
 
This Diagnostic Sheet serves as a guide and provides additional diagnostic info for possible  front suspension 
anomalies.  
 
SECTION: 06.10.1 Front suspensions  
 
MODELS:  Ghibi (M157), Levante (M161) and Quattroporte (M156) (All 
PROBLEM: noise from the front suspensions during maneuvering, on rough road and/or passing on bumps . 
ACTION : In case of management of a technically compatible case , we ask to follow  to the below diagnostic path : 
1. Perform a test drive to confirm the complaint  
2. Check for excessive dirt build -up in the knuckle and bushing area ; without removing any components, wash the 
front suspension lower arm joints with water.  
Test the car pre and post drying to check if the noise is still present after this intervention:  
• In case the noise is still present, go to next step 3.  
• In case the noise is not present  anymore , the car could be delivered  
3.  Check the status of lower suspension  arm bushings and ball joint , looking for evidences of abnormal freeplay and/or 
damage:  
• In case of trouble  found, proceed with lower suspension arm replacem ent and road test again the car to 
confirm the repair outcome ; 
• In case of no trouble found, go to next step 4. 
NOTE: small  cracks on the bushing ’s rubber  and/or signs of wear are the consequence of normal use of the vehicle 
and component  aging , they do not imply functionality problems and do not cause noise.  
4.  Restore the two lower arm bushings fixings: unscrew of abou t 360° and re -screw them at nominal torque value : 
• M161 -LEVANTE= 265Nm;  
• M15x -GHIBLI and QUATTROPORTE = 140 Nm;  
 
 
5.   Test drive the vehicle and see if the noise has been resolved.  
If, according to the  current Blue on Line Policy, it is necessary to open a report, send it as Factory Information  and in 
reference to this Technical release  providing the outcome of the suggested diagnostic steps.  
 
Noise from the front suspensions while 
maneuvering  