 Copyright 202 5 Ford Motor Company  
 
Ford Motor Company  
Customer Service Division  
PO Box 1904  
Dearborn, Michigan 48121  
February  2025 
Customer Satisfaction Program 25B03 
 
Mr. John Sample 123 Main Street 
Anywhere, USA 12345  
 
12345678901234567 
 
At Ford Motor Company, we are not only committed to building high-quality , dependable products but 
also to building a community of happy, satisfied customers. To demonstrate that commitment, we are providing a no-charge Customer Satisfaction Program for your vehicle.  
 
Why are you receiving 
this notice? On your vehicle, electronic modules may stay on after experiencing a 
charging fault signal which could result in a 12V partial or full battery drain.  
  
What is the effect?  This may resul t in the 12V battery draining after several hours, usually 
overnight. You might experience a flashing red light on the charge port 
indicator.  This condition does not allow the vehicle to lose power while driving, however.  
  
What will Ford and 
your dealer do?  
 
  Software  now available to repair your vehicle . In the interest of customer 
satisfaction, Ford Motor Company has authorized your dealer to re -program 
the onboard charger module free of charge under the terms of this program.  
This Customer Satisfaction Program will be in effect until March 31, 2026 
regardless of mileage.  Coverage is automatically transferred to subsequent 
owners.  
  
How long will it take?   The time needed for this repair is less than one-half day. However, due to 
service scheduling requirements, your dealer may need your vehicle for a 
longer period of time  
  
What should you do?  Please call your dealer without delay to schedule a service appointment for 
Customer Satisfaction Program 25B03.   
If you do not already have a servicing dealer, you can access 
ford.com/support for dealer addresses, maps, and driving instructions.  
Ford Motor Company wants you to have this service action completed on your vehicle. The vehicle owner is responsible for making arrangements to 
have the work completed.  
 
  
 Copyright 202 5 Ford Motor Company  Mobile Service  
 Ford Mobile Service is offered by participating dealers, contact your dealer 
for details.  
  
Pick-Up and Delivery  Complimentary vehicle Pick -Up & Delivery service may also be available 
upon request through participating dealers. Your dealer will pick up your 
vehicle and return it with the repair completed. 
 
What if you no longer 
own this vehicle? If you no longer own this vehicle and have an address for the current owner, 
please forward this letter to the new owner. 
You received this notice because our records, which are based primarily on state registration and title data, indicate that you are the current owner. 
  
Can we assist you 
further?  
 If you have difficulties getting your vehicle repaired promptly and without 
charge, please contact your dealership’s Service Manager for assistance.  
RETAIL OWNERS :  If you have questions or concerns, please contact our 
Ford Customer Relationship Center (CRC) at 1-866-436-7332 and one of 
our representatives will be happy to assist you.  The CRC is open on 
weekdays from 8:30 AM – 7:00 PM  (Eastern Time).  TTY/TDD users, please 
contact the CRC at the number listed using the Telecommunication Relay 
Service by dialing 711.  
If you wish to contact us through the internet, our address is 
ford.com/support.  
FLEET OWNERS: If you have questions or concerns, please contact our 
Ford Pro Contact  Center at 1-800-34-FLEET , choose Option #1 , and one 
of our representatives will be happy to assist you. If you wish to contact us through the Internet, our address is fleet.f ord.com . 
Representatives are available Monday through Friday: 7:00 AM  – 11:00 PM  
and Saturday 7:00 AM  – 5:00 PM  (Eastern Time). 
Thank you for your attention to this important matter. 
Customer Service Division 
 
 Copyright 2025 Ford Motor Company  
 
Ford Motor Company  
División de Servicio al Cliente  
PO Box 1904  
Dearborn, Michigan 48121  
Febrero 2025 
Programa de satisfacción del cliente 25B03 
 
Sr. Juan Pérez  
Calle Principal 123  
Ciudad, EE. UU. 12345 
 
12345678901234567 
 
El compromiso de Ford Motor Company no es solo fabricar productos confiables y de alta calidad, 
sino también lograr la plena satisfacción del cliente. Para demostrar este compromiso, estamos  
proporcionando un programa de satisfacción del cliente sin cargo para su vehículo.  
 
¿Por qué recibe este 
aviso? En su vehículo, los módulos electrónicos podrían permanecer encendidos 
después de recibir una señal de falla de carga que podría provocar una 
descarga parcial o total de la batería de 12 V.  
  
¿Cuál es el efecto?  Esto podría provocar que la batería de 12  V se descargue después de 
varias horas, generalmente, durante la noche. Es posible que experimente una luz roja intermitente en el indicador del puerto de carga. Sin embargo, 
esta condición no permite que el vehículo pierda potencia mientras se 
conduce.  
  
¿Qué medidas 
adoptarán Ford y su 
concesionario?  
 
 
 En este momento se encuentra disponible el software para reparar su 
vehículo. Para satisfacer a nuestros clientes, Ford Motor Company ha 
autorizado a su concesionario a reprogramar el módulo del cargador a 
bordo sin costo alguno, conforme a los términos de este programa.  
Este Programa de satisfacción del cliente tendrá vigencia hasta el 31 de marzo de 2026, independientemente del millaje. La cobertura se transferirá 
automáticamente a los siguientes propietarios.  
  
¿Cuánto tiempo 
tomará?  El tiempo necesario para esta reparación será menos de medio  día. Sin 
embargo, debido a los requisitos de planificación de servicio, es posible que 
su distribuidor tarde un poco más.  
  
¿Qué debe hacer?  Llame a su concesionario sin demora para programar una cita de servicio 
para el Programa de satisfacción del cliente 25B03.   
Si aún no tiene un concesionario para realizar el servicio, puede acceder a ford.com/support para conocer las direcciones de los concesionarios, ver 
mapas y obtener las instrucciones para llegar.  
 Copyright 2025 Ford Motor Company  Ford Motor Company le recomienda realizar esta acción de servicio en su 
vehículo. El propietario del vehículo es responsable de efectuar los arreglos 
necesarios para llevar a cabo el trabajo.  
  
Servicio móvil  
 El Servicio móvil Ford se ofrece a través de los concesionarios que 
participan, comuníquese con su concesionario para obtener detalles.  
  
Servicio de retiro y 
entrega El servicio complementario de retiro y entrega de vehículos también podría 
estar disponible previa solicitud a través de los concesionarios que participan. Su concesionario retirará el vehículo y lo regresará con la 
reparación realizada.  
 
¿Qué pasa si ya no es 
el propietario del 
vehículo? Si ya no es el propietario del vehículo y tiene la dirección del propietario 
actual, le solicitamos que le reenvíe esta carta.  
Este aviso lo recibió porque en nuestros archivos, basados principalmente 
en datos de registro y propiedad de los EE. UU., aparece como el 
propietario actual.  
  
¿Podemos hacer algo 
más por usted? 
 Si tiene problemas para reparar su vehículo de inmediato y sin costo alguno, 
comuníquese con el gerente de servicio de su concesionario para solicitar 
ayuda.  
PROPIETARIOS MINORISTAS:  Si tiene dudas o preguntas, comuníquese 
con nuestro Centro de Relación con Clientes (CRC) Ford al 1-866-436-
7332 y uno de nuestros representantes con gusto lo atenderá. El CRC está 
abierto de lunes a viernes de 8:30 a. m. a 7:00 p. m. (hora del este). Si es 
usuario de TTY/TDD, comuníquese con el CRC al número que se 
menciona, mediante el servicio de retransmisión de telecomunicaciones, 
para esto, marque el 711. 
Si desea comunicarse con nosotros a través de Internet, nuestra dirección 
es ford.com/support.  
PROPIETARIOS DE FLOTAS: Si tiene dudas o preguntas, comuníquese 
con nuestro Centro de contacto de Ford Pro al 1-800-34-FLEET , elija la 
opción n.°  1 y uno de nuestros representantes con gusto lo atenderá. Si 
desea comunicarse con nosotros a través de Internet, nuestra dirección es fleet.ford.com . 
Los representantes atienden de lunes a viernes, de 7:00 a.m. a 11:00 p.m. y 
sábado de 7:00 a.m. a 5:00 p.m. (hora del este).  
Gracias por su atención en este asunto sumamente importante. 
División de Servicio al Cliente 
 
  Copyright 2025 Ford Motor Company  
 
Service Engineering Operations        Ford Motor Company  
Customer Service Division         PO Box 1904  
          Dearborn, Michigan 48121  
 
February 20 , 2025 
TO: All U.S. Ford and Lincoln Dealers  
SUBJECT:  Customer Satisfaction Program 25B03  
Certain 2024 Model  Year Mustang Mach-E vehicles   
High Voltage Battery Charging System Software Update 
PROGRAM TERMS  
This program will be in effect through February 28, 2026. There is no mileage limit for this program.  
EXPIRATION DATE  
This Customer Satisfaction Program has an expiration date of February 28, 2026 to encourage 
dealers and customers to have this service performed as soon as possible.  
We recommend dealers utilize their FSA VIN Lists’  names  and address to contact customers with 
affected vehicles. This will help minimize the number of vehicles that may experience a dead 12V 
battery , which requires a more extensive repair. FSA VIN Lists are expected to be available on 
February 20 , 2025. 
AFFECTED VEHICLES  
Vehicle Model Year  Assembly Plant Build Date Range 
Mach -E 2024 CUAUTITLAN July 17, 2024 through December 5, 2024 
U.S. population of affected vehicles: 13,851  Affected vehicles are identified in OASIS and FSA VIN 
Lists.  
REASON FOR THIS PROGRAM  
On some  of the affected vehicles, the 12V battery can be partially or completely drained due to 
unintended “wake up” signals from the onboard high voltage battery charging system, also known as the Secondary Onboard Diagnostic Module (SOBDM). Partial or fully drained 12V batteries are preventing startup of the vehicle, potentially without an alert. This will not, however, result in a loss of 
motive power while driving. 
SERVICE ACTION  
Dealers  are to update powertrain bundle software via FDRS to the latest level for all affected modules, 
which includes the SOBDM.  This service must be performed on all affected vehicles at no charge to 
the vehicle owner. For new vehicle storage guidelines, refer to EFC13033, Storage Guidelines for 
New Vehicles . 
  
  Copyright 2025 Ford Motor Company  SERVICE ACTION  (continued) 
To assist vehicle owners to have this repair completed when parts are available, dealers should:  
• Arrange for a mobile repair at the owner’s location, or  
• Arrange to pick up the owner’s vehicle and drive it to the dealership for  
o Re-deliver the owner’s vehicle after repairs have been completed.  
• Pick-Up & Delivery, and mobile service should be made available for all customers. Refer to 
the Rental and Claiming sections for further details. 
OWNER NOTIFICATION MAILING SCHEDULE  
Owner letters are expected to be mailed the week of February  24, 2025 or sooner . Dealers should 
repair any affected vehicles that arrive at their dealerships, whether the customer has received a letter  
or not. 
ATTACHMENTS  
• Administrative Information 
• Labor Allowances and Parts Ordering Information 
• Technical In structions  
• Mobile Service Repair Assessment  
• Mobile Repair/Vehicle Pick -Up & Delivery Record 
• Owner Notification Letter  
QUESTIONS & ASSISTANCE  
For questions and assistance, contact the Special Service Support Center (SSSC) via the SSSC Web 
Contact Site. The SSSC Web Contact Site can be accessed through the Professional Technician System (PTS) website using the SSSC link listed at the bottom of the OASIS VIN report screen or listed under the SSSC tab. 
  
Customer Service Division 
  
  Copyright 2025 Ford Motor Company  Administrative Information 
Page 1 of 4 
Customer Satisfaction Program 25B03 
MOBILE SERVICE REPAIR ASSESSMENT LEVEL  
• All repairs in this program have the following assessment level : 
- Mobile Reprogramming  
MOBILE REPAIR RECOMMENDATIONS  
• Confirm with the customer a mobile repair is feasible.  
• Check OASIS before going to the customer’s home or business to confirm if any other 
outstanding FSA needs to be completed. 
• Transportation – due to the simplicity of this repair, a specialty vehicle is not required. 
MOBILE REPAIR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
Please ensure the technician brings the following to the mobile repair destination:  
• Printed Technical Instructions . 
• Printed Repair/Work Order or any other necessary documentation as customer copy(s)  
o Documents could also be emailed to the customer. 
• Shirt/uniform and vehicle graphic with the dealership or Ford logos are recommended. 
MOBILE REPAIR QUESTIONS AND ASSISTANCE  
• For questions and assistance, contact the Special Service Support Center (SSSC) via the 
SSSC Web Contact Site. Work with Dealership warranty administrator to create a SSSC 
contact ID#.  
• Once an SSSC agent responds to the new contact ID#, you may opt to call the SSSC hotline: (800) 325-5621. 
OASIS ACTIVAT I
 ON  
OASIS will be activated on February 20, 2025.  
FSA VIN LIST S ACTIVAT ION  
FSA VIN List s will be a vailable through https://web.fsavinlists.dealerconnection.com  on February 20, 
2025. Owner names and addresses will be available by  March  19, 2025.  
NOTE:  Yo ur FSA VIN L ists may contain owner names and addresses obtained from motor vehicle 
registration records. The use of such motor vehicle registration data for any purpose other than in 
connection with this program  is a violation of law in several states, provinces, and countries. 
Accordingly, you must limit the use of this listing to the follow -up necessary to complete this service 
action.  
SOLD VEHICLES  
• Owners of affected vehicles will be directed to dealers for repairs.  
• Immediately contact any of your affected customers  whose vehicles are not on your VIN list  
but are identified in OASIS. Give the customer a copy of the Owner Notification Letter (when 
available) and schedule a service date.  
• Correct other affected vehicles identified in OASIS which are brought to your dealership. 
• Dealer s are to prioritize repairs of customer vehicles over repairs of new and used vehicle 
inventory.  
  

  Copyright 2025 Ford Motor Company  Administrative Information 
Page 2 of 4 
 
Customer Satisfaction Program 25B03 
STOCK VEHICLES  
• Correct all affected units in your new vehicle inventory before delivery.  
• Use OASIS to identify any affected vehicles in your used vehicle inventory. 
BRANDED / SALVAGED TITLE VEHICLES  
Affected branded / salvaged title vehicles  are eligible for this service action . 
OWNER REFUNDS   
Refunds are not approved for this program.  
RENTAL VEHICLES   
Rental vehicles  are not a pproved for this program. 
MOBILE SERVICE CLAIMING QUESTIONS  
Dealers participating in the Remote Experience Program:  
• Ford and Lincoln Dealers - refer to EFC16075, Announcing the 2025 Remote Experience 
Program.  
Dealers NOT  participating in the 2025 Remote Experience Program:  
For questions and assistance, contact the Special Service Support Center (SSSC) via the SSSC Web 
Contact Site. Work with the Dealership warranty administrator to create an SSSC contact ID#.  
• Once an SSSC agent responds to the new contact ID#, you may opt to call the SSSC hotline: 
(800) 325-5621. 
FORD PICK -UP & DELI VERY 
• Dealers participating in the Remote Experience Program –  
o Refer to EFC16075, Announcing the 2025 Remote Experience Program for  additional 
details.  
• Dealers NOT participating in the 2025 Remote Experience Program –  
o Dealers may claim one- half labor hour per repair for vehicle Pick-Up & Delivery 
services.  
o Dealers must retain a Vehicle Pick -Up & Delivery Record with the repair order 
documentation. 
  
  Copyright 2025 Ford Motor Company  Administrative Information 
Page 3 of 4 
Customer Satisfaction Program 25B03 
 
ADDITIONAL REPAIR (LABOR TIME AND/OR PARTS)  
Additional repairs identified as necessary to complete the FSA should be managed as follows:  
• For related damage and access time requirements, refer to the Warranty and Policy Manual / 
Section 6 – Ford & Lincoln Program Policies / General Information & Special Circumstances 
for FSAs / Related Damage.  
• For vehicles within new vehicle bumper -to-bumper warranty coverage, no SSSC approval is 
required, although related damage must be on a separate repair line with the “Related Damage” radio button checked.  
o Ford vehicles – 3 years or 36,000 miles  
• For vehicles outside new vehicle bumper -to-bumper warranty coverage, submit an Approval 
Request to the SSSC Web Contact Site before completing the repair.  
• For vehicles outside new vehicle bumper -to-bumper warranty coverage: 
o Submit a Technical Support Request ( TSR) before replacing the SOBDM and 
request a Repair Validation Code (RVC) – only needed for module replacement. 
o C laiming the MT 25B03RR  labor operation code does not  require an RVC code, 
however clock times should be consistent with vehicle history on PTS. 
o It  is not necessary to contact the SSSC for additional approvals (this includes 
additional labor hours, module replacement, or related damage. 
CLAIMS PREPARATION AND SUBMISSION  
• Technician Competency Requirement: The STST Competency 10 certification requirement 
in the U.S. market only will be enforced starting with repair orders opened on or after August 31, 2024. FSA repairs will reject and the claim will not be paid if the repairing technician is not certified in STST Competency 10 FSA. See EFC15936 for more details.  
• Claim Entry : Enter claims using Dealer Management System (DMS) or One Warranty 
Solution (OWS) online.  
o When entering claims:  
 Claim type 31: Field Service Action  
 Sub Code: 25B03 
 Customer Concern Code (CCC): D15  
 Condition Code (CC): 04  
 Causal Part Number: 10B689, Quantity 0  
o For additional claims preparation and submission information, refer to the Recall and Customer Satisfaction Program (CSP) Repairs in the OWS User Guide. 
• Related Damage/Additional labor and/or parts: Must be claimed as Related Damage on a separate repair line from the FSA with the same claim type and subcode as described in Claim Entry above. 
IMPORTANT:  Click the Related Damage Indicator radio button.  
  
  Copyright 2025 Ford Motor Company  Administrative Information 
Page 4 of 4 
Customer Satisfaction Program 25B03 
CLAIMS PREPARATION AND SUBMISSION (continued)  
• Ford Pick-Up & Delivery:  
o Dealers participating in the Remote Experience Program –  
 Refer to EFC16075, Announcing the 2025 Remote Experience Program for 
additional details.  
o Dealers NOT participating in the 2025 Remote Experience Program –  
 Dealers may claim one- half labor hour per repair for vehicle Pick-Up & Delivery 
services.  
 Dealers must retain a Vehicle Pick -Up & Delivery Record with the repair order 
documentation. 
• Mobile Repair: 
o Dealers participating in the 2025 Remote Experience Program –  
 Ford and Lincoln - Refer to EFC16075, Announcing the 2025 Remote 
Experience Program for additional details.  
o Dealers NOT participating in the 2025 Remote Experience Program –  
 Mobile repair allowances can be claimed for dealer -performed mobile repairs. 
Dealers that are working with Ford-contracted mobile repair companies should 
refer to those companies for claiming instructions. 
 For dealer -performed mobile repairs, retain a copy of the Service Management 
signed record (see Repair Procedure Improvement & Revised Labor Time), with the repair order documentation. 
 Claim the mobile repair allowance Labor Operation Code 25B03MM along with 
the applicable Labor Operation Code for the repair (refer to the Labor  
Allowances table in Labor Allowances and Parts Ordering Information). 
 
  
  Copyright 2025 Ford Motor Company   
Labor Allowances and Parts Ordering Information 
Page 1 of 2 
Customer Satisfaction Program 25B03 
LABOR ALLOWANCES  
 
SOBDM  – Technical Support Request (TSR) - Dealer Software Support Hotline (DSSH)  
• If you experience SOBDM  software programming errors, multiple programming 
failures, or SOBDM  module replacement, and require assistance - submit a 
Technical Support Request (TSR) and request the following:  
• SOBDM programming assistance or SOBDM repl acement from DSSH  
o A Repair Validation Code (RVC) is only required for IPMA Module Replacement  
o RVC Codes are not required for additional labor hours. 
o Use labor operation code MT 25B03 RR for additional labor hours required for 
programming failures.  
o Clock times should be consistent with vehicle history on PTS and may be 
requested for review. 
• For this program it is NOT necessary to contact the SSSC  for additional approvals, 
this includes the following:  
o additional labor hours  
o module replacement 
o related damage 
    
 
    
 
     
 
    
 
     
  
  Copyright 2025 Ford Motor Company  Labor Allowances and Parts Ordering Information 
Page 2 of 2 
Customer Satisfaction Program 25B03 
LABOR ALLOWANCES  (continued) 
 
Description  Labor Operation  Labor Time  
Re-program SOBDM and related module updates  using 
FDRS software. 25B03B 0.7 Hours  
SOBDM software failed and/or SOBDM module replacement 
required: 
o TSR/DSSH contact required. 
o RVC provided for SOBDM module replacement only.  
SSSC approval is not required .  MT25B03RR   Up to 8.3 Hours  
Mobile Service: 
This allowance is only for non-eligible 2025 Remote 
Experience Program Dealers. 
Can be u sed when the repair takes place away from t he 
dealership. 
If Additional Time is Required Due to Travel, Please Submit 
an SSSC Approval Form . 25B03MM 0.5 Hours  
Ford Vehicle Pic k-Up & Delivery Allowance: 
This allowance is only for non-eligible 2025 Remote 
Experience Program Dealers. 
NOTE:  This allowance is for dealer -performed vehicle Pick -
Up & Delivery for dealership repairs only. Can only be 
claimed once, regardless of outstanding FSAs repaired. 25B03PP  0.5 Hours  
PARTS REQUIREMENTS / ORDERING INFORMATION 
Parts are not required to complete this repair.  
 
 
 
    
 
 Copyright 2025  Ford Motor Company  
 
 Customer Satisfaction Program 25B03 
Certain 2024 Model Year Mustang Mach-E vehicles 
12V Battery Charging System Software Update 
 
Mobile Repair / Vehicle Pick- Up and Delivery Record  
 
VIN ____________________________ received (check one):  
☐ Mobile Repair   
☐ Pick-up and/or delivery service  
 
As outlined below for the 25B03 Field Service Action program . 
 
☐ Mobile Repair –  Date: _______________  
 
OR 
☐ Pick-up           – Date: _______________  
 
☐ Delivery          –  Date: _______________  
 
   
Repair Order #  Repair Order Date  
   
Service Manager Signature Date  
 
 
 
Customer Satisfaction Program 25B03 
Certain 2024 Model  Year Mustang Mach-E vehicles  
12V Battery Charging System Software Update 
 
 
Mobile Service Repair Assessment  
 
Assessment levels have been identified to help determine the ease of performing eligible mobile 
service repairs for a Field Service Action (FSA) outside of the  dealership  service facility.  
 Dealer Bulletin Within the Administrative Information Attachment of the dealer bulletin a mobile service repair 
assessment level(s) will be provided. These assessment levels have been determined using the 
amount of time, equipment and labor identified to perform the intended service action. 
 Assessment Levels 
- Mobile Reprogramming (MRA1)  
- Light Mobile Service  (MRA2)  
- Enhanced Mobile Service (MRA3) 
- Advanced Mobile Service (MRA4) 
- Not a Mobile Service Repair  (MRA5)  
 - Wheel and Tire Mobile Service (MRA6)  
- Advanced Driver Assistance System (ADAS) Mobile Repair  (MRA7) 
  Description of each level that is used to determine the overall assessment . 
 – Mobile Reprogramming (MRA1) 
• Module Programming or similar type service s 
• Minimum tools maybe required other than an IDS/FDRS  setup 
• FDRS programming that requires internet connection (wi -fi or mobile hotspot) 
• Make sure vehicle has a charge port to ensure battery voltage is maintained during flashing of the module(s)   
• Repairs not greater than 1 hour  in length (including time to wait for programming)  
Note: The location will need a charging station or wall box to maintain the 12-volt battery .  
 
 – Light Mobile Service (MRA2)  
• Interior repair procedures that do not require seat, dash, or headliner removal  
• Under hood repairs that do not require large component removal  
• Exterior repairs that do not require large component/panel  removal  
• Repairs may require standard hand tools (Access to a Technician starter kit or similar)  
  

Mobile Service Repair Assessment  
Page | 2 
Customer Satisfaction Program 25B03 
Certain 2024 Model  Year Mustang Mach-E vehicles  
12V Battery Charging System Software Update 
 Copyright 2025 Ford Motor Company  
 
  
 – Enhanced Mobile Service (MRA3) 
• A two -person process is required anytime a procedure requires work under the 
vehicle 
• Brake Inspection and Brake Repair/Replacement 
• Limited Suspension Component replacement (no alignment)  
• Under Vehicle access for limited repairs (no large component removal)  
• Vehicle Check Up - VCU  
• Pre-Delivery Inspection - PDI 
• Used Car Inspection/Presale Inspection 
• May require floor jack, jack stands, and impact tools  
Note: Wheel lock may  be required.  
 
 – Advanced Mobile Service (MRA4) 
• Fluid Exchange/Oil Change  
• Light Repairs  
• Brake Hydraulic Repairs  
 
 – Not a Mobile Service Repair  (MRA5) 
1. Large component removal 
2. BEV Battery Replacement  
3. Requires a vehicle hoist  – to complete the repair (more than inspection)  
4. Required vehicle alignment 
5. Requires significant vehicle disassembly  
6. Repairs greater tha n 2-3 hours  
7. Any repairs that require M-Time  
8. Includes a service procedure where the vehicle owner may be distressed about the state 
of their vehicle.  
 – Wheel and Tire Mobile Service (MRA6)  
• Tire Removal from Wheel  
• Tire Balancing 
• Tire Repair 
Note: Specialized Mobile Service unit and equipment including Tire balancer and Tire 
Changer required.  
– Advanced Driver Assistance System ( ADAS) Mobile Repair  (MRA7) 
• Requires the uses of a ADAS Mobile Service Kit. 
• May require a post repair test drive.  
o Parking Lot Maneuvers  to capture parking lines for camera alignment. 
o Steady speed cruising (45 MPH). 
• The vehicle service location will have to be validated before scheduling an 
appointment to determine if a mobile repair is appropriate. 
 

TECHNICAL INSTRUCTIONS 
PAGE 1 OF 3
CUSTOMER SATISFACTION PROGRAM 25B03
CPR  ©  2025 FORD MOTOR COMPANY
DEARBORN, MICHIGAN 48121
02/2025
CERTAIN 2024 MODEL YEAR MACH-E VEHICLES — SECONDARY ON-BOARD 
DIAGNOSTIC CONTROL MODULE (SOBDM) PROGRAMMING
SERVICE PROCEDURE
IMPORTANT! The Service Technician Specialty Training (STST) Competency 10 certification   
             requirement in the U.S. market only will be enforced starting with repair orders
              opened on or after August 31, 2024. Field Service Action (FSA) repairs will reject
            and the claim will not be paid if the repairing technician is not certified in STST
            Competency 10 FSA. See Electronic Field Communication (EFC)15936 for more   
            details.
Module Programming
NOTE: Program appropriate vehicle modules before performing diagnostics and clear all Diagnostic   
            Trouble Codes (DTCs) after programming. For DTCs generated after programming, follow normal 
  diagnostic service procedures. 
1. Connect a battery charger to the 12 Volt (V) battery.
 • Use of a heavy-duty charger is recommended to maintain proper battery voltage during this   
   procedure.
NOTE: Verify the negative cable of the charger is installed on a chassis or engine ground and not 
  the 12V battery negative terminal to prevent the battery saver mode from activating on the 
  vehicle.
NOTE: If the diagnostic software does not load or if the vehicle cannot be identified properly , make sure  
  there is a good internet connection and the Vehicle Communication Module (VCM) is properly 
  connected to the Data Link Connector (DLC). 
2. Log into Ford Diagnostic and Repair System (FDRS).
NOTE: Vehicle information is automatically retrieved by the diagnostic software and a Network Test is   
  run. Vehicle identification data appears on the screen when this is complete. 
3. Click Read VIN from Vehicle or manually enter the Vehicle Identification Number (VIN). 
NOTE: Available modules are shown on the left hand (LH) side of the screen and available procedures   
  are listed on the right hand (RH) side of the screen. Modules that are communicating are 
  highlighted in green. 
4. Select Toolbox  tab.
5. From the list on the LH side of the screen, select the SOBDM.
6. From the list on the RH side of the screen, select SOBDM - Secondary On-board Diagnostic Control  
    Module (SOBDM) Software Update .
TECHNICAL INSTRUCTIONS 
PAGE 2 OF 3
CUSTOMER SATISFACTION PROGRAM 25B03
CPR  ©  2025 FORD MOTOR COMPANY
DEARBORN, MICHIGAN 48121
02/2025
7. Click RUN. Follow all on-screen instructions carefully. 
NOTE: After the programming of the SOBDM, the FDRS will automatically prompt you to update the
            necessary modules based on the vehicles options and calibration levels. Follow the on-screen   
   instructions to complete the update. You may be prompted to update one or more of the following   
   modules.
    • Battery energy control module (BECM)
    • Secondary on-board diagnostic control module B (SOBDMB)
    • Secondary on-board diagnostic control module C (SOBDMC)
    • Powertrain Control Module (PCM)
    • Anti-lock brake system (ABS) module
8. From the list on the RH side of the screen, select Self-Test and click RUN.
9. Click the Run Selected Tests button in the lower right.
10. Click the Clear & Retest button at the top of the screen to clear DTCs in all modules.
11. Disconnect the battery charger from the 12V battery once the programming has completed.
Important Information for Module Programming
              
NOTE: When programming a module, use the following basic checks to ensure programming completes   
  without errors.
• Make sure the 12V battery is fully charged before carrying out the programming steps and connect    
  FDRS/scan tool to a power source.
NOTE: A good internet connection is necessary to identify the vehicle and to load the diagnostic software.  
 
• Inspect the Vehicle Communication Module II (VCM II)/Vehicle Communication Module III (VCM III) or      
   the Vehicle Communication and Measurement Module (VCMM) and the cables for any damage. Make            
   sure scan tool connections are not interrupted during   programming.
• A hardwired connection is strongly recommended.
• Turn off all unnecessary accessories (radio, heated/cooled seats, headlamps, interior lamps, HVAC       
  system, etc.) and close doors.
• Turn the accessories back on after programming has completed.
• Disconnect/depower any aftermarket accessories (remote start, alarm, power inverter , CB radio,etc.).
• Follow all scan tool on-screen instructions carefully.
• Disable FDRS/scan tool sleep mode, screensaver, hibernation modes.     
• Create all sessions key on engine off (KOEO). Starting the vehicle before creating a session will cause   
   errors within the programming inhale process.
TECHNICAL INSTRUCTIONS 
PAGE 3 OF 3
CUSTOMER SATISFACTION PROGRAM 25B03
CPR  ©  2025 FORD MOTOR COMPANY
DEARBORN, MICHIGAN 48121
02/2025
Recovering a module when programming has resulted in a blank module
a. Disconnect the VCM II/VCM III or the VCMM from the data link connector (DLC) and your computer .
b. After ten seconds, reconnect the VCMII/VCMIII or the VCMM to the DLC and the PC. Launch FDRS.   
    The VCMII/VCMIII or the VCMM icon should turn green in the bottom right corner of the screen. If it 
    does not, troubleshoot the FDRS to VCM connection.  
c. If you are using the same FDRS as the initial programming attempt, select the appropriate VIN from   
    the Vehicle Identification menu. If you are using a different FDRS, select “Read VIN from Vehicle”  
    and proceed through the Network Test. 
d. In the Toolbox menu, navigate to the failed module and Download/Run Programmable Module    
    Installation (PMI). Follow the on-screen prompts. When asked if the original module is installed,         
    select “No” and continue through the installation application.
e. Once programming has completed, a screen may list additional steps required to complete the         
    programming process. Make sure all applicable steps are followed in order . 