Warranty Field Campaign
Campaign Number :  c7129  Revision : Released Date : 18-F eb-2025
X15N F ront Engine Suppor t Bracket Cap Scr ews
Replacement CampaignExpir ation Date (U.S. and
Canada) : 18-F eb-2025
Expir ation Date
(International) : 18-F eb-2025
Attention
If additional information is r equir ed, please contact y our Cummins W arranty Oper ations Gr oup
Leader .
Description
ActionU.S. / Canadian Dealers
U.S. / Canadian Distr ./Branches and Div . Offices (A utomotiv e)
This Campaign is being issued t o addr ess incorr ect F ront Engine Suppor t Bracket Cap Scr ews fr om
factory on cer tain X15N CM2380 X150B engines. This field action authoriz es cer tified r epair
locations t o replace all (14) cap scr ews and adjust t o the pr oper t orque specifications on eligible
engines.
In or der t o qualify for r epair under this field action, an engine:
1. will be co vered Regar dless of co verage status, and
2. must  show as OPEN on QuickSer ve® Online for this field action.
Note :  The ESN list is attached for r eference.
After v erifying that the engine meets the abo ve requir ements, per form the following actions:
Note :  Ther e is no need t o remo ve the F ront Engine F ront nor Side Suppor t Brackets t o
complete this r epair . Please r efer to Ser vice Manual 6383176.
1. DO NOT remo ve the F ront Engine Side Suppor t Brackets. Remo ve (1) cap scr ew on the F ront
Engine Side Suppor t Brackets one at a time and r eplace with the corr ect cap scr ew. Please
refer to Procedur e 016-002.
Material Disposition
Reimbursements2. Torque t o the r equir ed specification found in Pr ocedur e 016-002. Remo ve, replace and t orque
each of the r emaining cap scr ews, one at a time. Complete the cy cle befor e mo ving t o the next
one t o prevent any engine fr ont suppor t misalignment. Ensur e that all (8) cap scr ews ar e to
replaced and set t o proper t orque specifications.
3. Similarly , do not remo ve the F ront Engine Center Suppor t Bracket. Remo ve (1) cap scr ew on
the F ront Engine Center Suppor t Bracket at a time and r eplace with the corr ect cap scr ew.
Please r efer to Procedur e 016-002.
4. Torque t o specification found in Pr ocedur e 016-002. Complete (1) cap scr ew befor e mo ving t o
the next one t o prevent any engine fr ont suppor t misalignment. Ensur e all (6) cap scr ews ar e
to changed and set t o proper t orque specifications.
Note :  If desir ed, y ou can star t with F ront Engine Center Suppor t Bracket and complete
Front Engine Side Suppor t Brackets. This will not alter the r epair eff ectiv eness as long
as cap scr ews ar e replace and t orque one a time.
Materials r emo ved as a r esult of this field action must  be scr apped.
Parts
The following par ts ar e co vered under this field action:
Part Number Quantity Description
287407700 8 SCR,CAP
400122600 6 SCR,CAP
Note :  SRTs to gain access that ar e requir ed to complete the r epair , that ar e sufficiently
explained in the claim narr ative, ma y also be claimed on this action.
Labor Using A pplicable Access Code and Time
SRT Code Description Time (hrs)
00-90FTechnician Administr ative
Time - Field Action Ser vice
Events
16-0H8Engine Suppor t Bracket, Front
- Remo ve and Install - X15N
CM2380 X150B
Travel
Claim Instructions
Claim Codes
Description Code
Account Code: 65
Pay Code: North America Distribut or = X
Pay Code: North America Dealer = D
Pay Code: International Distribut or = I
Pay Code: International Dealer = R
Failur e Code: WSMMH A
Attachments
Engine F amily Fuel System
Design A pplication Mark et Application
Automotiv e Automotiv e
Document Hist ory
Last Modified:  18- Feb-2025Travel is not covered under this field action. Towing is not covered under this field action.
Other Claimables
Consumables ar e not covered under this field action.
For Cummins Dealers, claims for this Field Campaign must  be filed via RAPID SERVE™ W eb
(rsw .cummins.com). F or information r egar ding RAPID SERVE™ W eb, please r eference the
"Warranty " tab in QuickSer ve® Online. If ther e are additional questions, please contact y our local
Cummins Distribut or.
Click her e to see c7129_esn-list.xlsx
(/ser vice/english/attachments/c7129_esn-list.xlsx)
Date Details
Document Cr eated; 18-F eb-2025
