Copyright 2025 General Motors. All Rights Reserved.Bulletin No.: 24-NA-193
Service BulletinDate: January, 2025
TECHNICAL
Radio Software Update W52E-176.1.2-M170-SQBR5-250.2
This Service Bulletin replaces PIC6527 and covers vehicles formerly in PIC6498. Please
discard PIC6527.
Brand: Model: Model Year: VIN: Engine: Transmission:
from to from to
BuickEnvision 2024 2024
— — — —Enclave 2025 2025
CadillacCT5 2025 2025
LYRIQ 2024 2024
XT4 2024 2024
ChevroletColorado 2024 2024
Equinox 2025 2025
Equinox EV 2024 2024
Traverse 2024 2024
GMCAcadia 2024 2024
Canyon 2024 2024
Involved Region or CountryNorth America, Argentina, Brazil, Bolivia, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, Uruguay,
Europe, Middle East, Israel, Palestine, Japan, South Korea, Australia/New Zealand,
Egypt
Additional Options (RPOs) Equipped with Infotainment RPOs IVD or IVE
ConditionSome customers may comment on software related issues. Continuous improvement
software updates are being released with improvements made in several areas.
Cause The cause of the condition may be software anomalies.
CorrectionA new radio software update, version is W52E-176.1.2-M170-SQBR5-250.2, was
released to service for vehicles equipped with Infotainment system RPO IVD and IVE
being brought into the service department. In addition to providing general robustness
and stability enhancements, this update includes all enhancements from previous
software version releases. Along with the vehicles mentioned above; fleet customers may
need the dealer to reprogram the radio with the new software package.
Caution: to avoid potential programming errors, ensure both programming events (Pro-
gramming and USB File Transfer) are performed.Subject:
Important: Improvements will vary by model, build configuration, system, and sales region. Not all vehicles have all
features.
Most notable improvements contained in this release may include:
Camera:
• Black screen
• Black screen with guidelines
Page 2 January, 2025 Bulletin No.: 24-NA-193
Charging App (EV Only):
• The charging app may not launch
Cluster:
• Black screen
• Gear info not displayed on Cluster
• The cluster may reset while driving
• The customer may see a check engine or service vehicle light with DTCs U13F9 and U223B
• Momentary black screen for zones 1, 2, 3 at start up
• Stuck in Map view
• "Take control of the vehicle now" message stuck in notification menu
• Connectivity issues
• Loss of Data for both embedded apps and hotspot
Display:
• Police vehicles (5J9) - Radio display flickers when police lights are active
• Display UI changes
• Home button inoperable
• Black screen
HUD:
• Blank HUD
HVAC:
• Rear climate screen will open when user taps a blank button
Other Apps:
• Blind Zone Steering Assist description text may have overlapped text
• FM audio stops while crabwalk animation is going then returns after animation
• When using APA the parking animation maybe on the incorrect side of the vehicle
• When Crabwalk is engaged audio playing is paused
• Rear steering still active even if off
• User will see “SideWinder On” in Smart Controls even when the feature is actually off
Phone:
• Recent calls are not displayed and cluster showing calls from previous paired device
• Bluetooth will not power up after a sleep cycle. The Add Phone button will be greyed out.
Stability:
• Slow boot up
• Radio lost display and audio for 1 minute
• Radio reset
Service Procedure
Important: Service agents must comply with all International, Federal, State, Provincial, and/or Local laws
applicable to the activities it performs under this bulletin, including but not limited to handling, deploying,
preparing, classifying, packaging, marking, labeling, and shipping dangerous goods. In the event of a
conflict between the procedures set forth in this bulletin and the laws that apply to your dealership, you
must follow those applicable laws.
Bulletin No.: 24-NA-193 January, 2025 Page 3
Important: This technical service bulletin (TSB) can only be completed by certified repair facilities who have met all
specific training, tool and equipment requirements pertaining to the vehicle Brand and Model serviced. Repairs must
be performed by a technician who has successfully completed the required training.
Caution: Before downloading the update files, be sure the computer is connected to the internet through a network
cable (hardwired). DO NOT DOWNLOAD or install the files wirelessly. If there is an interruption during programming,
programming failure or control module damage may occur.
• Ensure the programming tool is equipped with the latest software and is securely connected to the data link
connector. If there is an interruption during programming, programming failure or control module damage may
occur.
• Stable battery voltage is critical during programming. Any fluctuation, spiking, over voltage or loss of voltage will
interrupt programming. Install a GM Authorized Programming Support Tool to maintain system voltage. Refer to
www.gmdesolutions.com for further information.  If not available, connect a fully charged 12V jumper or booster
pack disconnected from the AC voltage supply. DO NOT connect a battery charger.
• Follow the on-screen prompts regarding ignition power mode, but ensure that anything that drains excessive
power (exterior lights, HVAC blower motor, etc) is off.
• Please verify that the radio time and date are set correctly before inserting USB drive into vehicle for
programming, otherwise an error will result .
• Clear DTCs after programming is complete. Clearing powertrain DTCs will set the Inspection/Maintenance (I/M)
system status indicators to NO.
Important: The service technician always needs to verify that the VIN displayed in the TLC left side drop down
menu and the top center window match the VIN plate of the vehicle to be programmed prior to using Service
Programming System 2 (SPS2) for programming or reprogramming a module.
• For the TLC application, service technicians need to always ensure that the power mode (ignition) is “ON”
before reading the VIN from the vehicle’s VIN master module and that they do not select a VIN that is already in
the TLC application memory from a previous vehicle.
• If the VIN that shows up in the TLC top center window after correctly reading the VIN from the vehicle does not
match the VIN plate of the vehicle, manually type in the VIN characters from the vehicle VIN plate into the TLC
top center window and use these for programming or reprogramming the subject module with the correct vehicle
VIN and software and/or calibrations.
• The Engine Control Module (ECM) is the master module (for VIP vehicles) that TLC reads to determine the VIN
of the vehicle. If the VIN read from the vehicle by TLC does not match the VIN plate of the vehicle, the ECM
also needs to be reprogrammed with the correct VIN, software and calibrations that match the vehicle’s VIN
plate.
• The Body Control Module (BCM) is the master module (for GEM vehicles) that TLC reads to determine the VIN
of the vehicle. If the VIN read from the vehicle by TLC does not match the VIN plate of the vehicle, the BCM
also needs to be reprogrammed with the correct VIN, software and calibrations that match the vehicle’s VIN
plate.
Caution: Be sure the VIN selected in the drop down menu (1) is the same as the vehicle connected (2) before
beginning programming.
Page 4 January, 2025 Bulletin No.: 24-NA-193
5743643
Important: If the vehicle VIN DOES NOT match, the message below will be shown.
5877000
 
Bulletin No.: 24-NA-193 January, 2025 Page 5
5644477
Important: Techline Connect screen shown above.
Important: If the same calibration/software warning is noted on the TLC Summary screen, select OK and follow
screen instructions. After a successful programming event, the WCC is located in the Service Programming System
dialogue box of the SPS Summary screen. Record the WCC on the job card. No further action is required. Refer to
the Warranty Information section of this bulletin.
1. Reprogram the radio. Refer to A11 Radio: Programming and Setup  in SI.
Page 6 January, 2025 Bulletin No.: 24-NA-193
5644478
Note: The screenshot above is an example of module programming and may not be indicative of the specific module
that is being programmed. Module selection and VIN information have been blacked out.
Important: To avoid warranty transaction rejections, you MUST record the warranty claim code provided on the
Warranty Claim Code (WCC) screen shown above on the job card. Refer to callout 1 above for the location of the
WCC on the screen.
2. Record the SPS Warranty Claim Code on the job card for warranty transaction submission.
Warranty Information
For vehicles repaired under the Bumper-to-Bumper coverage (Canada Base Warranty coverage), use the following
labor operation. Reference the Applicable Warranties section of Investigate Vehicle History (IVH) for coverage infor-
mation.
Labor Operation Description Labor Time
2810335* Radio Reprogramming with SPSUse Published Labor
Operation Time
*This is a unique Labor Operation for bulletin use only.
Important: To avoid warranty transaction rejections, carefully read and follow the instructions below:
Bulletin No.: 24-NA-193 January, 2025 Page 7
Labor Operation Description Labor Time
6125814
• The Warranty Claim Code must be accurately entered in the “Warranty Claim Code” field of the transaction.
• When more than one Warranty Claim Code is generated for a programming event, it is required to document all Warranty
Claim Codes in the “Correction” field on the job card.  Dealers must also enter one of the codes in the “Warranty Claim
Code” field of the transaction, otherwise the transaction will reject. It is best practice to enter the FINAL code provided by
SPS2.
Warranty Claim Code Information Retrieval
6125774
Page 8 January, 2025 Bulletin No.: 24-NA-193
GM bulletins are intended for use by professional technicians, NOT a "do-it-yourselfer" . They are written to inform these
technicians of conditions that may occur on some vehicles, or to provide information that could assist in the proper
service of a vehicle. Properly trained technicians have the equipment, tools, safety instructions, and know-how to do a job
properly and safely. If a condition is described, DO NOT assume that the bulletin applies to your vehicle, or that your
vehicle will have that condition. See your GM dealer for information on whether your vehicle may beneﬁt from the
information.
WE SUPPORT VOLUNTARY
TECHNICIAN
CERTIFICATIONIf the Warranty Claim Code was not recorded on the Job Card, the code can be retrieved in the SPS2 system as
follows:
1. Open TLC on the computer used to program the vehicle.
2. Select and start SPS2.
3. Select Settings (1).
4. Select the Warranty Claim Code tab (2).
The VIN, Warranty Claim Code and Date/Time will be listed on a roster of recent programming events. If the code is
retrievable, dealers should resubmit the transaction making sure to include the code in the SPS Warranty Claim
Code field.
Version 5
Modified Released September 12, 2024
Revised October 04, 2024 – Added the 2025 Buick Enclave, 2024 Cadillac LYRIQ,
supersede statement, second Important statement under Service Procedure and involved
regions/countries.
Revised November 26, 2024 – Added the 2025 Chevrolet Equinox and updated the
supersede statement.
Revised December 16, 2024 – Added the Chevrolet Equinox EV.
Revised January 29, 2025 – Added the Chevrolet Colorado and GMC Canyon models
and updated the Involved Region or Country section.