 
  
   
 
This document does not authorize warranty repairs.   This communication documents a record of past experiences.   STAR Online  
does not provide any conclusions about what is wrong with the vehicle.  Rather, it captures all previous cases known that appear  
to be similar or related to the vehicle symptom / condition.   You are the expert, and you are responsible for deciding on the  
appropriate course of action.  
 
Contact STAR Center, or your Technical Assistance Center Via TechCONNECT  or eCONTACT ticket if no 
solution is found  
 
Stellantis  US LLC                                           Version 4.5 06/08/2022 
 
Case Number:  S2508000018  
 
 
Release Date:  February  2025 
 
 
Symptom/Vehicle Issue : No Crank No Start. B1112 -72 - Run Relay Command - 
Actuator Stuck Open  Is Active In The Body Control Module (BCM).  Fuse  F03 20A 
Open  In The Front  Power Distribution Center (PDC)  
 
Discussion:  The customer may indicate that the vehicle exhibits a no crank no start 
condition . B1112 -72 - Run Relay Command - Actuator Stuck Open may be Active in 
the BCM . This concern may be caused by an open  fuse F03 20 A in the Front  PDC  
which may occur when first starting a vehicle in colder weather conditions.  Fuse F03 
provides power to the starter relay .  
 
Engineering has determined, replacing the 20 amp fuse with a 25 amp fuse will 
improve the circuit performance to support these conditions.   
 
Diagnosis:  To confirm the root cause of the no crank no start. Verify  B1112 -72 is set 
Active in the BCM  and fuse F03 20 A is open/blown in the Front  PDC . 
 
Repair: The Front  PDC is located just forward of  the driver’s side  front strut tower. 
Locate it and unlock  the cover  by rotating the ¼ turn screw , pull the cover up.  Locate 
fuse F03 and replace  the currently installed  and open /blown  20 amp fuse with one 
rated at 25 amps. Reinstall the cover and confirm the vehicle cranks and starts.  
 
Review Images Below  
 
 
  
   
 
This document does not authorize warranty repairs.   This communication documents a record of past experiences.   STAR Online  
does not provide any conclusions about what is wrong with the vehicle.  Rather, it captures all previous cases known that appear  
to be similar or related to the vehicle symptom / condition.   You are the expert, and you are responsible for deciding on the  
appropriate course of action.  
 
Contact STAR Center, or your Technical Assistance Center Via TechCONNECT  or eCONTACT ticket if no 
solution is found  
 
Stellantis  US LLC                                           Version 4.5 06/08/2022 
 
     
     
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Front Power Distribution Center    ¼ Turn Screw To Unlock  Cover  
 
Fuse F03 20 A. Replace with 25 A Fuse  
