 
 Page 1 of 6 
  
TECHNICAL SERVICE OPERATIONS  
All rights reserved. Reproduction or translation in 
whole or in part is not permitted without 
authorization from the publisher. Printed in USA  MAS00 4489  © 202 5 Maserati North 
America. Aftersales  
www.maseratiusa.com   
 
 
 
MAS 004489 MCL  25-02 
Circular Letter  
FROM : Maserati TSO      
TO: Maserati Network   
 
 
 
DATE : FEBRUARY 20  2025 
 
 
 
The Parts&Service  mission  is aimed  at ensuring  a unique  experience  for the Customer.  A few important  
guidelines  to technical  management  of the new  Maserati  GT2 Stradale  are set out in this letter . 
The Maserati GT2 Stradale is a hymn to the most extraordinary and exclusive sportiness, the result of a 
technical and stylistic partnership between the Maserati GT2, a masterpiece of performance created for the 
brand's return to GT competitions, and the Ma serati MC20, an iconic Trident car with an unmistakable style.  
The Maserati GT2 Stradale combines the purest performance, typical of a racing car, with the intrinsic qualities 
of the MC20. The new super sports car thus evokes racing style and performance, while guaranteeing an 
ideal feeling and comfort in all conditio ns of use, without sacrificing the best on -road driving experience, 
typical of the Maserati offer.  
With a top speed of over 320 km/h, maximum power increased to 640 hp (10 hp more than the MC20), a 
weight reduced by 60 kg and acceleration from 0 to 100 km/h in just 2.8 seconds, the Maserati GT2 Stradale 
promises unparalleled sensations and superior perf ormance, also thanks to its sophisticated aerodynamics 
and the captivating design inherited from its racing sister. Behind the wheel, the sensation will be that of 
driving one of the most incredible track cars, with the opportunity to make the most of it o n the roads from all 
over the world.  
 
We remind you that your ABMs are at your disposal for questions or support. We ask for your complete 
cooperation to ensure compliance with the instructions given here . 
Thank you for your attention . 
 
 
TECHNICAL SERVICE OPERATIONS  
 
Vehicle collection  
 
The specificities that have an impact on maintenance of the vehicles in stock are reported as usual in the 
dedicated circular letter which undergoes periodic updates (MAS004488 and its subsequent revisions).  
 
 
 
Introduction to Maserati GT2 Stradale  
 
 Page 2 of 6 
  
TECHNICAL SERVICE OPERATIONS  
All rights reserved. Reproduction or translation in 
whole or in part is not permitted without 
authorization from the publisher. Printed in USA  MAS00 4489  © 202 5 Maserati North 
America. Aftersales  
www.maseratiusa.com  Pre-Delivery Inspection checklist  
To support you in delivering the new Maserati GT2 Stradale, we have updated the PDI Checklist, adding new 
controls to test new features and to ensure that the car is ready to be driven by the Customer with maximum 
satisfaction. The checklists are attached to this communication. The checklist will guide you through the 
various stages of vehicle inspection and preparation. Each checklist includes a set of actions and procedures 
to be carried out on each car during the Pre -Delivery Inspection (PDI) phase. At t he end of each car 
preparation, we ask you to keep a copy of the checklist, signed by the operator who has performed the 
checks, to support process traceability that could be helpful to improve the quality of the service offered, 
where necessary. Maserati could also request a copy of the same during the PDI or the contractual warranty 
period for product improvement or for warranty claims assessment purpose.  
 
PDI to carry out with MDEvo  
The warranty starts date and “Customer Mode” setting to be performed during PDI are described in Circular 
Letter MAS003368 (and corresponding updates).  
 
 
Best practices in the workshop for GT2S service  
The following chapter includes a list of best practices and technical notes for Maserati GT2 Stradale service; 
vehicle’s features require precautions which may otherwise not be noticed or highlighted while it is undergoing 
normal operations in the workshop . 
For more details and further information please refer to the technical documentation on ModisCS+.  
 
 
Lifting the vehicle  
 
Position of lifting points is highlighted in the picture below:  
 
 
 
The front lifting point is not represented by a physical component on the vehicle floor: the side position of the 
area is marked by a reverse triangle on the body side:  
 
 
Rear lifting pad  Front lifting area  
 
 Page 3 of 6 
  
TECHNICAL SERVICE OPERATIONS  
All rights reserved. Reproduction or translation in 
whole or in part is not permitted without 
authorization from the publisher. Printed in USA  MAS00 4489  © 202 5 Maserati North 
America. Aftersales  
www.maseratiusa.com   
 
The picture below shows the position of the lifter arm: place the pads with care in order to prevent interference 
between the aerodynamic winglets and the pad.  
 
 
 
Please notice that when the vehicle is lifted on a 2 columns lifter, doors cannot be opened:  
 
 
 
If any service operation requires doors to be left open, please consider as an option the lifting of the vehicle 
with doors already opened. The operation can be performed by:  
• Opening the door  
• Moving the vehicle rearward in lifting position  
• Placing lifter arms  
• Lifting the vehicle  
 
Adding, the ground clearance of the vehicle lifting point is about 100mm; it’s recommended to remove all 
possible loads from the vehicle in order to increase vehicle ground height.  
Be careful to the shape of lifting arms to avoid damaging the vehicle.  
 
 
 
In the presence of uneven surfaces and/or ramps, be careful to not damage the lower parts of the vehicle:  
 
 
 

 
 Page 4 of 6 
  
TECHNICAL SERVICE OPERATIONS  
All rights reserved. Reproduction or translation in 
whole or in part is not permitted without 
authorization from the publisher. Printed in USA  MAS00 4489  © 202 5 Maserati North 
America. Aftersales  
www.maseratiusa.com   With lifter not active  With lifter active  
Std. A*  Std. C**  Std. A  Std. C  
Ramp angle (A)  7,3° 6,5° 10,5°  9,8° 
Escape angle (B)  14,2°  13,6°  13,2°  12,6°  
 
*Std. A corresponds to the vehicle in running order with a full tank of fuel  
**Std. C corresponds to the configuration of Std. A with 2 persons and 20Kg more inside the vehicle  
 
 
Wheels with single, center -locking lug nut  
The new Maserati GT2 Stradale is equipped by special wheels; each rim is fixed by a single nut.  
 
 
 
The removal/refitting of the wheels, therefore, must be carried out according to not standard procedures and 
in compliance with certain precautions. Please note that the single nut is characterized by very high tightening 
torques (tight at 850 Nm/630 ft·lb ; while during the removal phase, torque can be more than 1500Nm/1106 ft·lb) 
which require suitable equipment (special socket, high -capacity torque wrench and torque multiplier with 
ground reaction).  
At each removal/refitting operation, carefully check the integrity of the wheel fastening components; before 
screwing everything back together, clean and lubricate the single nut and the hub with specific products, as 
prescribed in the dedicated procedure.   
Warning: the single nut has a limited number of tightenings: always replace the nut after 5 (five) tightening 
cycles.  For this reason, it is essential to keep track of the nut removal/reattachment operations using the specific 
document supplied with the vehicle: “ Single nut Service booklet ”; in the booklet, firstly, fill in the fields relating 
to the identification data of vehicle and fill in the table with the information requested each time the wheel is 
removed/reattached:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For the complete procedure on wheel serviceability and further details, please refer to the technical 
documentation on ModisCS+.  
 

 
 Page 5 of 6 
  
TECHNICAL SERVICE OPERATIONS  
All rights reserved. Reproduction or translation in 
whole or in part is not permitted without 
authorization from the publisher. Printed in USA  MAS00 4489  © 202 5 Maserati North 
America. Aftersales  
www.maseratiusa.com   
Rear wing  
The rear wing installed on the GT2 Stradale offers three different adjustments to increase or decrease the 
aerodynamic load:  
• LD = Low Downforce: only position allowed for road use  
• MD = Mid Downforce: position allowed exclusively for use on the racing track  
• HD = High Downforce: position allowed exclusively for use on the racing track  
  
 
 
 
The rear wing can be adjusted manually proceeding as follows:  
• Undo the screws on both pylons using a 5mm Allen key.  
• Move the rear wing to the position required, taking care to align the holes with the corresponding 
position.  
• Tighten the screws at 18Nm / 13,3 ft·lb torque on both pylons.  
 
For further information, please consult the relevant technical documentation.  
 
 
 
12V battery jump start  
If needed, 12V battery remote poles are located in the front trunk; open the hood and remove the cover (if 
present):  
 
               
 
For more information, please consult the owner’s manual.  
 
 
Track maintenance  
Before using the GT2 Stradale on track, a dedicated maintenance and checks are recommended to keep the 
vehicle in the best condition and have the best performance.  Please consult the technical documentation for 
all the details (owner’s manual, ModisCS+ on section 00.28, …).  
 
 
Activation of the technical team  
On the occasion of the imminent launch of the new GT2 Stradale, we inform you that the inter -functional 

 
 Page 6 of 6 
  
TECHNICAL SERVICE OPERATIONS  
All rights reserved. Reproduction or translation in 
whole or in part is not permitted without 
authorization from the publisher. Printed in USA  MAS00 4489  © 202 5 Maserati North 
America. Aftersales  
www.maseratiusa.com  Technical Team has been set up consisting of personnel belonging to the Product Support, Engineering, Quality, 
Spare Parts, Customer Care and ABM departments.  The technical team will continue from the beginning of 
sales until the quality objective set for the model is achieved, at which point the end of the technical team will 
be officially announced.  
During this period, and before carrying out any service intervention related to an alleged product quality 
problem, any anomaly must be reported to Technical Support by opening a Blue on Line report in accordance 
with the Policy in force. Therefore, if no diagnostic support or authorization to proceed u nder warranty is 
required, it will be necessary to send at least a report as "Factory Information".  
If opening a report such as "Request for Help" or "Request for authorization under warranty” is not necessary, 
you can request a refund equal to 0.2 hours of labor for entering the report as "Information to the factory" by 
entering the warranty claim of th e operation code 0.20.001.A - Information to the Factory 0 -3 MIS (0.2 h).  
To define the anomaly clearly and allow the Team to intervene quickly and effectively, the information 
requested in the Blue On Line report (Parameters, Errors, Videos, Images, etc.) must be as complete as possible. 
Product Support will coordinate the Team  interventions and, in case an on -site diagnosis is needed, they may 
decide to send a team of specialized technicians to the site. To allow monitoring of the correct repair progress 
of the vehicle, the utmost care is required in managing the status of the Service Entry so that it reflects the actual 
repair progress.  With a view to product improvement, and to allow Maserati to improve the diagnostic 
effectiveness, you will also need to analyze promptly the defective replaced components.  For this purpose, the 
rules for the management of network returns (MAS003957 and its revision) and if required the Fast Line urgent 
return process (MAS003955 and its revision) must be applied.  
 
Technical documents, electronic diagnosis and Special 
Tools  
 
Contents visibility  
About a month before the new models arrive at dealers, will be visible on ModiCS+ the technical documents 
with the contents also relating to the Maserati GT2 Stradale for the sections:  
• Parts catalogue  
• Labour Time  
• Workshop Manual  
• Wiring Diagrams  
• Help Diagnosis  
 
 
Special tools  
Maserati has created a set of special tools to ensure the highest levels of quality in driving assistance and safety. 
Such mandatory tools are supplied automatically and are also present on ModisCS+ Special Tools Catalogue. 
We also remind you that this catalog lists all the special tools already in use that are c ompatible and necessary 
for the service of the vehicles; therefore, it is important to check this section to ensure the availability of the tools 
in the workshop.  
 
The new tools created for the GT2 Stradale are listed below in the table:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In conclusion, we remind you that how to use each tool will be detailed in the relative procedure in 
ModisCS+.  
 
 
 
 
 
 Part Number  Description  
900100026  Locking tool for drive shaft nut  
675230291  Socket for wheel single -nut 