SIB 64 01 25
INTERMITTENT  HUMMING NOISE2025-02-28
☐ THIS REP AIR IS MOBILE FRIENDL Y
 
MODEL
F97 (X3 M Sports
Activity V ehicle)F98 (X4 M Sports Activity
Coupe)G01 (X3 Sports
Activity V ehicle)G02 (X4 Sports
Activity Coupe)
G20 (3 Series
Sedan)G29 (Z4 Roadster)   
SITUA TION
The customer may hear an intermittent “humming” or “foghorn” type sound in vehicle. It sounds like a low
hum that last for only a few seconds. 
 
This can occur with the engine operating or may be heard for up to one hour after engine shut down. 
 
CAUSE
This hum noise may be caused by the expansion valve of the air conditioning system.
 
Other noises may occur in these vehicles with dif ferent root causes:
For a whistling noise  heard above 40 mph that is loudest with the sunroof in the vent position, see SI B64 01 21
 
For a clicking noise  from repeated activation of the recirculated air flap, see SI B64 02 22
 
For a groaning noise  heard from within the heating and air-conditioning unit in the center of the instrument panel
when either a ventilation flap, air stratification flap or the recirculated air flap moves to a dif ferent position; see SI
B64 04 22
 
CORRECTION
The expansion valve moves internally in response to system pressure/temperature and can occasionally make
noise. Explain cause of noise to customer .
 
Replace the expansion valve in cases where excessive noise occurs and is confirmed
 
PROCEDURE
1. Confirm the customer ’s concern.  
2. Check the vehicle for related stored fault codes. 
3. Perform standard system diagnosis to verify the issue.
4. Replace the expansion valve only in case of excessive noise. If contamination is found when replacing the
expansion valve, then the air conditioning system should be flushed.
 
PARTS INFORMA TION
Parts are only required in those situations where it is determined that there is an issue with the
corresponding system’ s components. 
 
To determine the part number(s) that applies to the specific vehicle being repaired, enter the VIN / Chassis
number into either ETK or AIR, this will consider the specific equipment and/or options that are fitted to the
vehicle.
 
Copyright ©2025 BMW of North America, Inc.3/1/25, 6:51 AM 64 01 25_INTERMITTENT HUMMING NOISE
about:blank 1/3
Additionally , other materials and small parts that are not specified above, such as fluids, lubricants, one-time
use screws, nuts, and seals, which must be replaced or installed (according to the IST A repair
instructions/ETK/AIR), are to be selected from the Electronic Parts Catalog, and/or other approved BMW
Group’ s resources according to the respective vehicle type. Invoiced these items separately under the
Repair Code listed in this bulletin.
 
CLAIM INFORMA TION
This Service Information Bulletin provides technical, diagnosis, and repair-related information.
 
Damage and/or issues caused by outside influences are not covered under the BMW limited warranties.
 
Eligible and Covered W ork/Repairs
 
Repairs that address a verified defect in materials and/or workmanship are covered under the terms of the
BMW New V ehicle Limited W arranty for Passenger Cars and Light Trucks.
 
To submit a claim, please follow the established and applicable warranty policy and procedures
(Labor/Part/Sublet – Bulk supply materials) that apply to the repair being performed.
 
Refer to AIR for the claim submission’ s line item Repair Code.
 
BMW Group’ s AIR Application Resource for Flat Rate Labor Operation Codes
 
To obtain repair-related labor operation codes (including diagnosis*) and the corresponding flat rate unit
(FRU) allowance information from the BMW Group AIR application resource, enter the Chassis Number (last
seven (7) characters of the VIN), and click on the “Search” icon. If the “V ehicle Selection” window displays
two or more model possible vehicle choices, select the applicable Model, or enter the full VIN (17
characters) instead to proceed.  Click on the “Flat Rate Units” button and enter a flat rate labor operation
code description or number in the field to the right, click on the “Search” icon to display the corresponding
listing of “Flat rate unit group details” that are available.
 
(*) Based on which one applies to your center , please refer to SI B01 01 20  or B01 07 20  for the applicable
procedure for documenting, claiming, and explaining, on the RO and in the claim comments, your diagnosis
work time (WT), job/repair work time (WT), and the vehicle repairs your center performed, unless otherwise
required by State law .
 
FEEDBACK REGARDING THIS BULLETIN
Technical FeedbackTo submit feedback for the technical topic of this bulletin: Submit your
feedback in the rating box at the top of this bulletin
Warranty FeedbackTo submit feedback for the CLAIMS section of this bulletin: Submit an IDS
ticket to the W arranty Department, or use the chat available in the
Warranty Documentation Portal
Parts FeedbackTo submit feedback for the P ARTS section of this bulletin: Submit an IDS
ticket to the Parts Department
 
Copyright ©2025 BMW of North America, Inc.3/1/25, 6:51 AM 64 01 25_INTERMITTENT HUMMING NOISE
about:blank 2/3
Copyright ©2025 BMW of North America, Inc.3/1/25, 6:51 AM 64 01 25_INTERMITTENT HUMMING NOISE
about:blank 3/3