T-SB-0009 -25   January 21, 2025  
 
Long -Term Vehicle Storage Guidelines  
Service 
Category  General   
 Section    Pre-Delivery Service  Market   USA  
  
  © 2025 Toyota Motor Sales, USA  Page 1 of 10 
 
Applicability  
 
YEAR(S)  MODEL(S)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  
2026  4Runner, 4Runner HV, 86, 
bZ4X, Camry HV, Corolla, 
Corolla Cross, Corolla Cross 
HV, Corolla Hatchback, 
Corolla HV, Crown, Crown 
Signia, GR Corolla, Grand 
Highlander, Grand 
Highlander HV, Highlander, 
Highlander HV, Land 
Cruiser, Mirai, Prius, Prius 
PHV, RAV4 HV, RAV4 PHV, 
Sequoia HV, Sienna HV, 
Supra, Tacoma, Tacoma 
HV, Tundra, Tundra HV   
 
  
 T-SB-0009 -25   January 21, 2025  Page 2 of 10 
Long -Term Vehicle Storage Guidelines  
 
  © 2025 Toyota Motor Sales, USA   
   
Introduction  
Long -term or off-site storage  requires  special care  to maintain vehicle condition . The following 
guidelines should  be performed to  minimi ze vehicle  component/pa rt degradation  due to extended  
vehicle  storage condition s. Long -term storage can affect a vehicle’s systems  and component s. Any 
problems  that are found  should  be corrected  immediatel y. 
 
Refer to the table below for a definition of terms used in this bulletin . 
Table 1. 
TERM  ACRONYM  DEFINITION  
Conventional  Vehicle  CV A vehicle with  only a gasoline  engine  for propulsion  
Electrified  Vehicle  EV A vehicle that utilizes a hybrid, plug -in hybrid, fuel cell, or 
battery electric system for propulsion  
Hybrid  Electric  Vehicle  HEV A vehicle with both a gasoline engine and a HV Battery  
Plug-in Hybrid  
Electric  Vehicle  PHEV  A vehicle with both a gasoline engine and a HV Battery that 
can be charged externally  
Battery Electric Vehicle  BEV A vehicle with only a HV Battery that can be  
charged externally  
Fuel Cell Electric Vehicle  FCEV  A vehicle with both a hydrogen fuel cell and a HV Battery  
State  of Charge  SOC  The remaining capacity available in a battery  
12-Volt 12V Standard  12V battery  used  to power  electrical  systems  
separate  from high voltage  components  
High Voltage  HV HV Battery  used  to power  the electrified  vehicle  
 
Electrified vehicles are equipped with two types of batteries, a n HV battery and a 12V battery. 
Conventional vehicles are equipped with only a 12V battery . 
 
 
 
 
 
Warranty Information  
OP CODE  DESCRIPTION  TIME  OFP T1 T2 
N/A Not Applicable to Warranty  – – – – 
 
  
 T-SB-0009 -25   January 21, 2025  Page 3 of 10 
Long -Term Vehicle Storage Guidelines  
 
  © 2025 Toyota Motor Sales, USA   
   
Required Tools & Equipment  
SPECIAL SERVICE TOOLS (SST)  PART NUMBER  QTY 
DSS-5000 Battery Diagnostic Tool*  DSS-5000P T  1 
DCA -8000  Battery  Diagnostic Tool*  DCA -8000P T  1 
CPX-900 Battery & System Analyzer  CPX-900P  1 
*Essential SST.  
 
 
 
 
 
Summary Chart for Long -Term Storage  
Below are items that should be checked periodically and their frequency.  
ACTION  FREQUENCY  
12V Battery Maintenance  After 60 days,  
Then Every 30 days  
HV Battery Charging (HEV / PHEV / FCEV Models)  Monthly  
HV Battery Charging (BEV Models)  Monthly  
Tire Inflation Pressure  Monthly  
Parts Rust Inspection  Monthly  
Engine / Hybrid System Starting and Vehicle Movement  Every 6 Weeks  
Vehicle Movement (BEV / FCEV models)  Monthly   
A/C Compressor Lubrication (Conventional Vehicles)  Monthly  
A/C Compressor Lubrication (Electrified Vehicles)  Monthly  
Disc Brake Rotor Surface Rust Removal  Every 8 Weeks  
 
Attention to the procedures listed in this bulletin will work to ensure  each vehicle is in the best 
possible condition prior to customer delivery.  
 
  NOTE  
Additional SSTs may be ordered by calling 1-800-368-6787  or by visiting  
Home – Service Resources – Toyota Special Service Tools (SSTs) . 
 T-SB-0009 -25   January 21, 2025  Page 4 of 10 
Long -Term Vehicle Storage Guidelines  
 
  © 2025 Toyota Motor Sales, USA   
   
Parking and Paint Protection Procedure  
• Storage areas should  be paved, well-lit, and secur e. If your off-site storage lot is NOT  paved, 
spread  gravel to minimi ze mud and dust.  Make  sure vehicles  are driven carefully  when 
moving them  to or from a long-term lot. This will help minimi ze damage  to the paint  finish 
from road grit or gravel. 
• Park vehicles  from right to left AT LEAST  three  feet apart. Leave enough space  front and 
rear to easily  walk between rows. 
• Turn OFF ALL elect rical accesso ries, make sure windows and sunroof are  closed,  and 
check that the  transmission  is in Park (First  or Reverse for manual transmission  vehicles).  
Do NOT apply  the parking brake. Ensure vehicles with electronic parking brakes DO NOT 
engage and the Auto function has been DISABLED (Refer to Owner ’s Manual for details) . 
• Make sure the plastic  door edge  protectors  are in place  and fold in the side view mirror  
(if applica ble). 
• Anti-rust covers or anti-rust film should  remain  on vehicle  during storage. 
1. Anti-rust covers (behind  wheel)  should  be removed at PDS. 
2. Anti-rust film (applied  to wheel)  should  be removed just before delivery to  customer.  
• Wash vehicles  frequentl y. 
 
 
  
 T-SB-0009 -25   January 21, 2025  Page 5 of 10 
Long -Term Vehicle Storage Guidelines  
 
  © 2025 Toyota Motor Sales, USA   
   
12V Battery  Maintenance   
• If a vehicle  is put into storage, the State Of Charge  (SOC) of  its 12V batte ry will gradually  
decreas e. To prevent the 12V batte ry from becoming  discharged du ring storage, proper  
maintenance  is necessa ry.  
• To reduce  batte ry drain during long-term storage, remove the batte ry ground  (–) cable of each 
vehicle  and reinstall  it just before delivery to the custome r. When the battery ground ( –) cable  
is reconnected, check  and reset electrical components, such as the clock, radio, etc., and 
reinitialize ALL applicable systems / functions. Refer to the applicable Repair Manual for 
complete details: Repair Manual – General – Introduction – Repair Instruction – Precaution . 
• After 60 days, and every 30 days thereafter, inspect the 12V battery with the DSS-5000  or 
DCA -8000  battery diagnostic tool, or the CPX -900 battery & system analyzer . If charging is 
required, use the DCA -8000. Refer to the DSS-5000 Instruction Manual , the  
DCA -8000 Instruction Manual , and/or the  CPX-900 Instruction Manual  for complete battery  
maintenance procedures.  
• When removing the vehicle from storage, connect the negative ( –) terminal. Please refer to  
the applicable Repair Manual for torque specifications: Repair Manual – General – 
Maintenance – Battery – Installation.  
 
 
 
  NOTE  
• BEFORE disconnecting the 12V, confirm the shift position  is in the “P” position. The vehicle  
CANNOT be shifted from the “P” position with the 12V battery disconnected.  
• If the negative ( –) terminal of the 12V battery is reconnected on electrified models, even if the 
vehicle is powered ON (Ready ON), the hybrid system may NOT start. In this case, depress the 
brake pedal, open and close any of the doors, and press the Power button to start the hybrid 
system (the Ready light is ON). If the hybrid system still does NOT start (the Ready light is OFF), 
refer to the applicable model and model year Repair Manual.  
 T-SB-0009 -25   January 21, 2025  Page 6 of 10 
Long -Term Vehicle Storage Guidelines  
 
  © 2025 Toyota Motor Sales, USA   
   
HV Battery Charging  (HEV / PHEV / FCEV  Models)  
HEV / PHEV  / FCEV s store electricity in the HV battery. When the vehicle is not used for a period 
of 30 days or more, the HV battery may discharge, thus reducing vehicle travel range. To prevent 
the HV battery from fully discharging it is necessary to maintain  the charge level of the  
HV battery.  
 
Charging the HV Battery  
1. Park the vehicle in open air or connect the 
exhaust extraction hose to the exhaust pipe.  
2. Apply the parking brake.  
3. With the brake pedal depressed, select the 
power switch to the “START” mode, and 
check that the “READY” light in the 
combination meter illuminates when the 
hybrid system starts (the “READY” light  
is ON).  
4. Turn off all lights and accessories.  
5. Check that the shift lever is in the  
“P” position.  
6. Keep the “READY” light on and charge the 
HV battery for 30 minutes.  
  Figure 1. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  HINT  
The HV battery can also be charged by driving the vehicle for 30 minutes.  NOTE  
• If the amount  of charging energy is small,  the display may NOT indicate  the energy flow. 
• Ensure  there  is a sufficient  amount  of fuel for the vehicle to run for at least  30 minutes.  

 T-SB-0009 -25   January 21, 2025  Page 7 of 10 
Long -Term Vehicle Storage Guidelines  
 
  © 2025 Toyota Motor Sales, USA   
   
HV Battery Charging (BEV Models ) 
BEVs  store electricity received via an external power source in the HV battery. When the BEV is 
not used for a period of 30 days or more, the HV battery may discharge, thus reducing vehicle 
travel range. To prevent the HV battery from fully discharging it is necessary to maintain the 
charge level of the HV battery.  
 
1. If the warning light is displayed ON within the instrument cluster, charge the HV battery via the 
AC charging method.  
Table 2. 
CONNECTED  
POWER SOURCE  CHARGER  AC 
CHARGING 
CABLE  DC CHARGING  AC CHARGING  
Charging Voltage  Avoid using  
DC charger  
for supplementary 
charging during 
long-term storage, 
prefer AC charging  AC 220 – 230 V  
Charging Current  32 A 16 A 8 – 10 A 
Charging Time  Approximately 
30 Minutes  Approximately 
60 Minutes  Approximately 
90 Minutes  
 
 
 
2. After charging has been completed, verify the HV battery  warning light is OFF before  
storing the vehicle long -term. If the HV battery warning light is still ON after charging,  
repeat the charging process.  
 
 
 
 
Tire Inflation Pressure  
If the vehicle is  parked for long periods without being  moved, a flat spot may develop on each tire  
surface in contact  with the ground,  even  if the tires are inflated  to specification.  Tire inflation 
pressure  should  be checked  once  a month.  
Tire inflation  pressure  for storage ONLY : 43 psi. 
 
 
  NOTE  
Model specific information for charging the HV battery, charging equipment, and charging method 
can be referenced from the Owner’s Manual . See section 1 – 3: Charging With the EV system . 
Avoid using the DC charger for supplementary charging during long -term storage.  
NOTE  
Tire pressures may vary due to changes in ambient temperatures and may require adjustment.  
 T-SB-0009 -25   January 21, 2025  Page 8 of 10 
Long -Term Vehicle Storage Guidelines  
 
  © 2025 Toyota Motor Sales, USA   
   
Parts Rust Inspection  
If the vehicles  in your storage area are exposed  to a sea breeze and/or  significant  precipitation, 
corrosion  with rust in some  parts may occu r. If rust is found,  remove it, and  treat it by applying  
rust inhibitor  to prevent recurrenc e. 
 
 
 
 
Engine / Hybrid System Starting and Vehicle Movement  
If the vehicle is stored over an extended period of time, starting and running  the engine/hybrid 
system periodically will ensure smooth running operation.   
1. If the vehicle  is equipped  with a gasoline  engin e, start and operate the engine  at an engine 
speed of  less than 1,500 rpm for 15 minutes or longe r.  
2. Raise engine  speed  above 3,000  rpm 10 times  to eliminate  moisture  from the exhaust.  
 
3. Drive  the vehicle AT LEAST  30 feet to lubricate  the transmission/t ransaxle  and differential(s), 
and to prevent tire flat-spot damag e. 
 
 
 
 
Vehicle Movement (BEV  / FCEV models)  
If the vehicle is stored over an extended period of time  drive  the vehicle AT LEAST  30 feet to 
lubricate  the transmission/t ransaxle  and differential(s), and  to prevent tire flat-spot damag e. 
 
 
  NOTE  
Make sure  to allow sufficient  clearance  at the rear of the vehicle to prevent other  vehicles stored 
behind  from getting  damaged by exhaust  gas. 
 
 T-SB-0009 -25   January 21, 2025  Page 9 of 10 
Long -Term Vehicle Storage Guidelines  
 
  © 2025 Toyota Motor Sales, USA   
   
A/C Compressor Lubrication    
To minimize the possibility of damage to the A/C compressor while storing a vehicle, perform the 
following recommended maintenance procedures AT LEAST once a month to lubricate  
the compressor.  
 
Conventional  Vehicles  
1. Turn OFF  the A/C and blower switches  before  starting the vehicle. 
2. Start/Ready -On the vehicle. 
If the vehicle  is equipped  with a gasoline  engin e, allow the engine  to warm up until 
engine idle  drops  below 1,000  rpm. 
3. Turn ON the A/C system (including the rear A/C) using the following settings:  
A. A/C Switch: ON  
B. Blower Speed: High  
C. Engine Speed: Below 1,000 rpm  
4. Keep the A/C ON with engine idling for AT LEAST one minute (in dual A/C vehicles, leave 
ON for two minutes).  
5. Turn OFF the A/C system and cycle the ignition to the OFF position.  
 
Electrified  Vehicles  
1. Turn OFF the A/C and blower switches before starting the H EV / PHEV / B EV / 
Fuel-cell system.  
2. Start the H EV / PHEV / B EV / Fuel-cell system.   
3. Turn ON the A/C system (including the rear A/C) using the following settings:  
A. A/C Switch: ON  
B. Blower Speed: High  
4. Keep A/C ON with above conditions for at least one minute (in PHEV, BEV, Dual A/C 
vehicles, leave ON for two minutes ). 
5. Turn OFF A/C system and cycle power switch to OFF position.  
 
 
  
 T-SB-0009 -25   January 21, 2025  Page 10 of 10 
Long -Term Vehicle Storage Guidelines  
 
  © 2025 Toyota Motor Sales, USA   
   
Disc Brake Rotor Surface Rust Removal   
The b rake rotors  are made  of cast iron and m ay show  gradual  buildup  of surface rust du ring 
long-term storage. AT LEAST once every eight weeks,  drive the  vehicle  and use the brakes 
normally. This regular  usage will  help prevent severe rust buildup  and the possibility  of unwanted  
brake vibration  conce rns due to rust. 
 
Figure 2. Slight Rust on Rotor  
(Easy to Remove by Braking)  
 Figure 3. Severe Rust on Rotor  
(Hard to Remove by Braking)  
 
 
Drive the vehicle on a level road in  a safe area and apply the brakes normally. Repeat the  
brake application several times. Refer to the table below to determine how many  brake 
applications are required based on speed limits and traffic conditions in your area.  
 
Table 3.  
 
SPEED  COMPLETED STOPS  
60 – 0 mph  (95 – 0 km/h)  5 
40 – 0 mph  (65 – 0 km/h)  10 
30 – 0 mph  (50 – 0 km/h)  20 
20 – 0 mph  (30 – 0 km/h)  30 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOTE  
• Electrified  vehicles may require additional braking applications.  
• If brake  vibration  still occu rs AFTER the  braking cycle, determine  the root cause  of the brake  
vibration  and repai r.  
• Brake rotor  resurfacing  may be required  if the rust is severe and  resulted  in excessive rotor 
thickness  variation.  