 
 
               
 
 
 
CUSTOMER SATISFACTION CAMPAIGN  
DTC P175E CALIBRATION UPDATE – REPROGRAM   
TRANSMISSION CONTROL MODULE (TCM) AND  
COMPLETE TRANSMISSION FAST LEARN PROCEDURE (V2501)  
 
• 2025MY Isuzu N -Series  Vehicles Equipped with 6.6L Gasoline Engines 
and 8L90 Automatic Transmissions and Wholesaled Prior to December 
13, 2024  
This bulletin supersedes previous campaign bulletin CB25 -K-001. This bulletin is 
being revised to include the sample US and Canada owner letters. Please discard 
previous campaign  bulletin CB25 -K-001. 
 
CONDITION  
In some 2025MY Isuzu N -Series vehicles equipped with 6.6L gasoline engines and 8L90 
automatic transmissions and wholesaled prior to December 13, 2024,  the original 
calibration in the Transmission Control Module ( TCM ) contained incorrect logic that may 
unnecessarily cause Diagnostic Trouble Code ( DTC)  P175E to set and illuminate the 
Check Engine Malfunction Indicator Light (MIL).  An updated TCM calibration correcting 
this concern is now available. Additionally, the Transmission Fast Learn proc edure must 
be completed after the TCM reprogramming has been completed.  
CORRECTION  
Dealers are to reprogram the TCM with a corrected service calibration and perform the 
Transmission Fast Learn procedure.  This service  will be performed free of charge.  
VEHICLES INVOLVED  
Involved are certain 2025MY Isuzu N -Series  vehicles equipped with 6.6L gasoline 
engines and 8L90 automatic transmissions and wholesaled prior to December 13, 2024.  
NOTE :  Dealers are to confirm vehicle eligibility prior to beginning repairs by using the 
Isuzu Vehicl e Information System (IVIS).  
For dealers with involved vehicles, a report  of involved vehicles containing the complete 
vehicle identification number  has been or will be provided. Dealers will not have a report 
available if they have no involved vehicles currently assigned.    AFFECTED VEHICLES  
INFORMATION  
IMPORTANT SERVICE 
INFORMATION FOR:  
 SERVICE MANAGER  
 SERVICE ADVISOR  
 TECHNICIAN  
 PARTS DEPARTMENT  
 WARRANTY PERSONNEL  BULLETIN NUMBER:  
CB25 -K-001A 
ISSUE DATE:  
FEBRUARY 2025 
GRO UP: 
TRANSMISSION  
   
2  
1. Look up the Vehicle Identification Number ( VIN) in the Isuzu Vehicle Information 
System (IVIS) and confirm the vehicle is affected by this campaign.  
2. Block the wheels and apply the parking brake.  
3. Ensure that IDSS has an internet connection and is up to date.  
4. Connect IDSS to the vehicle and turn the ignition “ON”.  
5. Click on “Auto Detect”  and go to: Controller Programming >  Transmission >  
Software and Calibrations >  Update Calibrations and read the TCM calibration 
part number.  
a. If the calibration part number does NOT match the calibration number in the 
table below, reprogram the TCM and then proceed to Step 6 . 
b. If the calibration part number matches the calibration part number in the 
table below , proceed to Applying the Campaign Label . 
MY Vehicle  Engine  Trans  Calibration #  
2025  NPR  6.6L 8L90  24069901  
2025  NPR -HD 6.6L 8L90  24069900  
WARNING: Perform this procedure outside or with proper exhaust ventilation equipment. Ensure that there are no obstacles or people in front of the vehicle while performing the Transmission Service Fast Learn procedure.  
6. Start the engine and allow the transmission fluid temperature to begin warming up.  
NOTE: If the transmission fluid temperature is not between 167°F (75°C) and 185°F (85°C) the scan tool will not allow you to perform the Transmission Service Fast Learn procedure.  
NOTE: Depending on the ambient temperature, the vehicle may need to be driven to achieve the proper transmission fluid temperature.  
7. Using IDSS, go to:  Output Control Test >  Transmission >  Transmission 
Service Fast Learn  and confirm the transmission fluid temperature is between 
167°F (75 °C) and 185° F (85 °C) (See Figure 1 .)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 SERVICE PROCEDURE  
   
3  
 
 
Figure 1  
8. Ensure that the selector lever is in the “P” Park position.  
9. Push down firmly on the brake pedal and maintain firm pressure throug h the 
duration of  this procedure.  
IMPORTANT: Keep the brakes applied until the Transmission Fast Learn Procedure  
is complete.  
10. Click on the “Learn” button to enable the Transmission Fast Learn Procedure.  
11. Place the selector lever into the “D” Drive position and wait for the transmission to 
complete the Fast Learn Procedure.  
NOT E: It is normal for this process to take several minutes to complete.  
12. When the Transmission Service Fast Learn Status reads “Fast Learn Completed” (See Figure 2.) , proceed to Step 13.  
 
Figure 2  

   
4 13. Once the Transmission F ast Learn Procedure is completed, put the selector lever 
into the “P” Park position, release the brake pedal and turn off the ignition for at 
least one ( 1) minute.  
14. Proceed to Applying the Campaign Label . 
APPLYING THE CAMPAIGN LABEL  
15. Using a ball -point pen, fill in a campaign label (Part No. 2- 90028-700-0) with 
Campaign Number  V2501, Isuzu dealer code, and repair date.  
16. Affix the campaign label onto the driver's side B -pillar.  
 
CAMPAIGN CLAIM INFORMATIO N  
Refer to the Isuzu ICS Claims Processing Manual for details on Campaign Claim Submission. Submit only one claim as indicated below.  
NOTE: Failure to submit campaign claims in a timely manner may result in delayed payment. Accepted/Paid claims will change campaign status to “Closed” in IVIS.  Submit claims as quickly as possible in order to close the campaign and ensure payment.  
LABOR CODE  DESCRIPTION  LABOR 
HOURS  
V2501 DTC P175E Calibration Update – Reprogram TCM 
& Complete Transmission Fast Learn Procedure 
Customer Satisfaction Campaign 
ADD: Additional time for warming up transmission 
for vehicles in colder weather.  0.6 
 
0.3 
*Includes 0.1 hours for administrative allowance.  
DEALER RESPONSIBILITY  
All vehicles in dealers' possession and subject to this customer satisfaction campaign 
must be held and repaired per the service procedure of this campaign bulletin before 
customers take possession of these vehicles.  
Customers who have recently purchased vehicles sold from your vehicle inventory, and for which there is no customer information indicated on the dealer listing, are to be contacted by the dealer. Arrangements are to be made to make the required correction according to the instructions contained in this bulletin. A copy of the customer letter is provided in this bulletin for your use in contacting customers. Program follow -up cards 
should not be used for this purpose, since the customer may not as yet have r eceived the 
notification letter.  
 
 

   
5 In summary, whenever a vehicle subject to this customer satisfaction campaign enters 
your vehicle inventory, or is in your dealership, you must take the steps necessary to be sure the campaign  correction has been made before selling or releasing the vehicle.  
OWNER NOTIFICATION  
Samples of  recall letters that will be  sent to owners of affected vehicles already retailed 
in the United States and Canada are attached below.  
 
  
   
6 [SAMPLE OWNER LETTER –  US] 
 
CUSTOMER SATISFACTION CAMPAIGN  
Campaign V2501  
This notice applies to your vehicle, <VIN>  
FEBRUARY 2025  
Dear Customer,  
The purpose of this notice is to inform you that Isuzu Commercial Truck of America, Inc. is 
conducting a customer satisfaction campaign that affects some 2025MY Isuzu N -Series vehicles 
equipped with 6.6L gasoline engines and 8L90 automatic transmissions and wholesaled prior to 
December 13, 2024.  
WHAT IS THE CONDITION?  
We have determined that in some 2025MY Isuzu N -Series vehicles equipped with 6.6L gasoline 
engines and 8L90 automatic transmissions and wholesaled prior to December 13, 2024, the 
original calibration in the Transmission Control Module (TCM) contained incorrect logic that may unnecessarily cause Diagnostic Trouble Code (DTC) P175E to set and illuminate the Check Engine Malfunction Indicator  Light (MIL). An updated TCM calibration correcting this concern 
is now available. Additionally, the Transmission Fast L earn procedure will be performed  after 
TCM reprogramming to ensure optimal transmission performance.  
WHAT WE WILL DO  
Isuzu dealers are to reprogram the TCM with a corrected service calibration and perform the 
Transmission Fast Learn procedure. This service will be performed free of charge.  
WHAT YOU SHOULD DO  
We recommend you contact your Isuzu dealer to schedule an appointment to bring your vehicle in to have this service performed. Present this Owner Notification Letter at the time of your appointment or refer to C ustomer Satisfaction Campaign Bulletin CB25 -K-001. We estimate this 
service may take up to an hour to perform. Additional time may be necessary depending on how appointments are scheduled and processed at your dealership. To locate your nearest dealer please 
use the dealer locator on our website at w ww.isuzucv.com . 
If you have questions or concerns, please contact our Customer Relations Department at 1- 866-
441-9638. 
We regret any inconvenience this action may cause you.  
Sincerely,  
Isuzu Commercial Truck of America, Inc.  
Important: If you have sold or traded your Isuzu vehicle, please enter the owner's name and address, if known, on the attache d "Change of 
Information" postcard, tear off at both perforations, and drop it in the mail. Postage has already been paid. We will contact the new owner. 
 
  
 
 
 
 
   
7 [SAMPLE OWNER LETTER –  CANADA]  
 
CUSTOMER SATISFACTION CAMPAIGN  
Campaign V2501  
This notice applies to your vehicle,  <VIN>  
FEBRUARY 2025  
Dear Customer,  
The purpose of this notice is to inform you that Isuzu Commercial Truck of Canada, Inc. is 
conducting a customer satisfaction campaign that affects 2025MY Isuzu N -Series vehicles 
equipped with 6.6L gasoline engines and 8L90 automatic transmissions and wholesaled prior to 
December 13, 2024.  
WHAT IS THE CONDITION?  
We have determined that in some 2025MY Isuzu N -Series vehicles equipped with 6.6L gasoline 
engines and 8L90 automatic transmissions and wholesaled prior to December 13, 2024, the 
original calibration in the Transmission Control Module (TCM) contained incorrect logic that may unnecessarily cause Diagnostic Trouble Code (DTC) P175E to set and illuminate the Check Engine Malfunction Indicator  Light (MIL). An updated TCM calibration correcting this concern 
is now available. Additionally, the Transmission Fast L earn procedure will be performed  after 
TCM reprogramming to ensure optimal transmission performance.  
WHAT WE WILL DO  
Isuzu dealers are to reprogram the TCM with a corrected service calibration and perform the 
Transmission Fast Learn procedure. This service will be performed free of charge.  
WHAT YOU SHOULD DO  
We recommend you contact your Isuzu dealer to schedule an appointment to bring your vehicle in 
to have this service performed. Present this Owner Notification Letter at the time of your appointment or refer to C ustomer Satisfaction Campaign Bulletin CB25 -K-001. We estimate this 
service may take up to an hour to perform. Additional time may be necessary depending on how appointments are scheduled and processed at your dealership.  To locate  your nearest dealer please 
use the dealer locator on our website at www.isuzutruck.ca .  
If you have questions or concerns, please contact our Customer Relations Department at 1- 866-
441-9638. 
We regret any inconvenience this action may cause you.  
Sincerely,  
Isuzu Commercial Truck of Canada, Inc.  
Important: If you have sold or traded your Isuzu vehicle, please enter the owner's name and address, if known, on the attached "Change of 
Information" postcard, tear off at both perforations, and drop it in the mail  . Postage has already been paid. We will contact the new owner.  