INDIAN MOTORCYCLE
HELP CENTER
What can we help you ﬁnd? Search
Help Center Home / Article
02/28/2025
2015-2024 Scout Battery Removal and Installation
Requir ed Tools and Supplies: 
Shop Rags
Dielectric Grease or P etroleum Jelly
10mm and 13mm Sockets
Ratchet
Torque Wrench
Safety Glasses
Nitrile Gloves
For more information on tools, read the  Tools and F asteners Guide . Always wear safety glasses and
nitrile gloves when servicing your Indian Motorcycle.Indian Scout Batter y Remo val and Installation - Indian Mot orcycle Indian Scout Batter y Remo val and Installation - Indian Mot orcycle
To remove and replace the battery on your Scout, Scout Sixty, Scout Bobber, Scout Sixty, Scout
Bobber T wenty or Scout R ogue follow these steps:
1. Park the bike on a flat, level surface.
2. Ensure the key is turned OFF and removed.
3. The seat removal process varies by model. R emove the seat per your Owner’s Manual  guidelines.
4. Then press the fuse box release tab inward. Slide the fuse box to the rear to remove it from the
bracket. P osition the fuse box out of the way, using care to prevent damage to the wires.
5. Using a 10mm socket, remove the negative battery cable first to prevent arcing. P osition the cable
well clear of the terminal.
6. Remove the positive protector boot from the positive battery cable. R emove the cable from the
terminal with a 10mm socket. P osition the cable well clear of the terminal.
7. Reinstall the fasteners onto the posts to prevent misplacement.
8. Then remove the battery bracket fastener with a 13mm socket and remove the bracket.
9. Tilt the battery slightly to the rear and lift it out of the motorcycle.
10. Inspect the battery box for damage.
11. Also, ensure the pads on the bracket are properly located and in good condition.
12. If reinstalling the battery, ensure it is fully charged and free of any debris or damage. Follow the
instructions in the Battery Charging section of your Owner’s Manual  before installing the battery.
The replacement battery is part number 4017819 .
13. Carefully position the battery into the battery box with the negative terminal toward the front of
the motorcycle.
14. Reinstall the battery bracket. Torque to 84 in-lbs (9 Nm).
15. Route the positive cable perpendicular to the long side of the battery. Install the positive cable
first to prevent arcing. Torque to 45 in-lbs (5 Nm).
16. Reinstall the positive cable protector boot.
17. Then install the negative cable. R oute the cable perpendicular to the battery. Torque to 45 in-lbs
(5 Nm).
18. Apply a light film of dielectric grease or petroleum jelly to both terminals.
19. Verify the cables are secure and properly routed.
20. Carefully reinstall the fuse box to the bracket, ensuring the release tab engages.
21. Turn the bike ON to verify the battery has been connected properly.
22. Finally, reinstall the seat per your Owner’s Manual  guidelines.
For more information, see your authorized Indian Motorcycle Dealer. Find a dealer near you with
the Dealer Locator .
Maintenance tips, procedures and specifications can be found in your  Owner's Manual .
To find diagrams and replacement part numbers, use the  online parts catalog .
YouTube® is a r egistered trademark o f Google LL C
Unless not ed, tr ademarks ar e the pr operty of Indian Mot orcycle Int ernational, LL C.
© 2022 Indian Mot orcycle Int ernational, LL C
Keyword(s) video , maintenance , battery , remove , install , installing , removing , replace , replacing , change , changing , scout
,Was this article helpful?
Yes, it answers my question
No, it's missing information or visuals
No, the instructions are unclear
No, What are the next steps?
No, I'm experiencing a technical error
Other
* How can we improve this article? We'd love to hear your suggestions
Tell us what you would like to see in this article
Send [] -