Subarunet Announcement 
To: All Subaru Retailers 
From: Subaru of America, Inc. 
Date: February 3, 2025 
UPDATE Safety Recall: WRA-24 ODS Sensor Replacement 
***PLEASE ENSURE THAT ALL SERVICE AND PARTS PERSONNEL ARE MADE AWARE OF THESE UPDATES*** 
Phased Final Owner Notification 
Subaru previously notified all affected vehicle owners of this recall with an interim letter on May 17, 2024 advising 
owners they would be re -notified with a follow up letter to schedule an appointment once parts are available . 
As the parts supply arrives to support this recall , we will begin renotifying affected vehicle owners in phases to schedule 
an appointment to complete th is repair. The first phased mailing will be released today, February 3, 2025 , to the owners 
of all affected Legacy model vehicles. 
Listed below is the current phased final owner notification plan . Subaru retailers will be advised as each phased mailing 
is scheduled. 
Mailing Date Mailing Group Current VIN status 
February 3, 2025 All Legacy models Open 
Q2 2025 (estimate) 2020 MY Outback (manual passenger seat) Open -Remedy not yet available 
Q3 2025 (estimate) 2020 MY Outback (power passenger seat) Open -Remedy not yet available 
Q1 2026 (estimate) 2021-2022 MY Outback (manual passenger seat) Open -Remedy not yet available 
Q3 2026 (estimate) 2021-2022 MY Outback (power passenger seat) Open -Remedy not yet available 
Q4 2026 (estimate) 2021-2022 MY Outback (power passenger seat) Open -Remedy not yet available 
VIN status 
As phased final owner notification letters are released, the status of the VINs included in the mailing will be updated to 
‘Open ’ in the system. This status change will trigger system ‘push’ notifications, such as in -vehicle notifications, 
MySubaru alerts, and CareConnect messaging. 
The WRA -24 recall coverage for the affected VINs not yet included in a phased final owner notification mailing will 
remain in an ‘Open -Remedy not yet available ’ status until the final owner notification letters are mailed for those VINs . 
Service, Parts, and Claim Instructions 
Please refer to the WRA -24 Product Campaign Bulletin for d etailed service, parts, tools, FAQs , and claim submission 
information which will be available on STIS today . 
Thank you for your understanding and cooperation as we work through this phased final owner notification process. If 
you have any questions, please reach out to your DPSM. 
Background 
Subaru of America, Inc. (Subaru) has initiated a safety recall for certain 2020 -2022 model year Legacy and Outback 
vehicles to replace all (four) of the Occupant Detection System (ODS) sensor s on the front passenger seat .  
Description of the Defect and Safety Risk 
The affected vehicles may be equipped with defective ODS sensors on the front passenger seat , which over time may 
result in a short circuit. If the short circuit occurs, the SRS airbag system warning lamp will illuminate, the front 
passenger’s frontal airbag OFF indicator will illuminate , and the front passenger airbag may not deploy in certain crashes 
as designed, increasing the risk of injury to an occupant in the seat. 
Remedy 
Subaru retailers will replace all (four) of the ODS sensors on the front passenger seat with new ones at no cost to the 
customer. 
Affected Vehicles 
A total of 118,723 U.S. vehicles are affected by this recall, as listed below . Not all vehicles in the production range listed 
below are affected by this recall. Coverage must be confirmed by using the Vehicle Coverage Inquiry function on 
subarunet.com  prior to repair. 
As Subaru obtain s the remedy parts supply for this repair , the WR A-24 recall coverage for the affected VINs not yet 
included in the phased final owner notifications will remain in an ‘Open -Remedy not yet available ’ status in the system . 
As phased final owner notification letters are released, the status of the VINs included in each mailing will be updated to 
‘Open ’ in the system to allow for repairs to be performed on those vehicles . This status change will trigger system ‘push’ 
notifications, such as in -vehicle notifications, MySubaru alerts, and CareConnect messaging. 
Retailer Responsibility 
Please be advised that it is a violation of Federal law for a dealer to deliver a new motor vehicle covered by a recall 
under a sale or lease until the defect is remedied. Therefore, any Authorized Subaru Retailer failing to perform the 
applicable service procedures to correct all affected vehicles in their inventory prior to the vehicle being placed in 
service may be subject to civil penalties of up to $ 27,874 per violation (i.e., for each vehicle), as provided in 49 CFR 
§578.6 and will also be in breach of the Subaru Dealer Agreement. 
Any vehicles listed in any recall/campaign that are in retailer stock must be: 
• Immediately identified 
• Tagged or otherwise marked to prevent their delivery or use prior to repair 
• Repaired in accordance with the repair procedures outlined in the Product Campaign Bulletin Model Year Carline Production Date Range Vehicle Count 
2020 -2022 Outback June 16, 2020 – July 13, 202 1 103,114 
2020 -2022 Legacy June 16, 2020 – July 12, 2021 15,609 