Bulletin No.: PIC4588C
Published date: 02/7/2025
Preliminary Information
PIC4588C Power Folding Roof May Not Fully Retract or Falls Short of
Header When Raised
Models
Brand: Model: Model Y ears:VIN:Engine: Transmissions:from to
Chevr oletCorvette 2005 - 2013 All AllAll All
Supersession Statement
This PI was superseded to update model years. Please discar d all copies of PIC4588B.
The following diagnosis might be helpful if the vehicle e xhibits the symptom(s) described
in this PI.
Condition / Concern
Some customers ma y comment that their folding top is inoperative or appears to be
misaligned.  F urthermore, as the roof travels to a closed position, it ma y appear that is
falls short of the header latch.  When in the process of lowering, and stowing in the
downstack position, it will not fully retract into the rear compartment. This could be the
result of a misaligned roof linkage.  This linkage is diﬃcult to diagnose and isolate due to
its inherent shape.  Below are images of the various areas on the folding top that ma y
cause this concern.
Recommendations / Instructions
Here are 4 common areas where a concern ma y be found.   
1. Refer to the illustration above:  Inspect the tonneau hinge called out as number 27.  The
ball studs ma y get bent and the tonneau will not sta y up.  
2. Refer to the illustration above.  When the top is forced down, to the stowed position,
without relieving system pressure, the link called out as number 8 above, ma y become
bent.  Unfortunately , it is diﬃcult to determine if the link has been bent because it has a
number of bends in it by design.  It ma y be necessary to compare to a lik e vehicle or obtain
a new/diﬀerent part and la y them side by side to determine if the link is bent.  
3. Refer to the illustration above.  Inspect call out number 5.  This part ma y bend in the
center .  Again, this ma y be hard to determine unless it has been compared to a known
good vehicle or part.  
4. Refer to the illustration above.  The brack et, called out as item number 10, ma y be
bent outward, so that it is no longer ﬂat or straight.  When it does bend, the entire top will
be out of alignment.  The brack et has a net mounting hole,  so if it has been altered, the
brack et or the hole will be visible.
Please follow this diagnostic or r epair pr ocess thor oughly and complete each step. If the
condition e xhibited is r esolved without completing every step, the r emaining steps do not
need to be perfor med.
GM Global Brands
© 2025 General Motors. All Rights R eserved.