AfterSalesFeb 14, 2025
Page 1 of 4Release 3+ Vehicle Assistance Systems - White Warning in the Instrument Cluster: 
Assistance Systems currently restricted
Vehicles Affected
Models Model Year Model Type VIN Range Vehicle-Specific Equipment
Cayenne As of 2024 9YA, 9YB N /A N /A
Macan Electric As of 2024 XAB N /A N /A
Tayc an As of 2020 Y1A, Y1B, Y1C N /A N /A
911 As of 2020 992 N /A N /A
Panamera As of 2024 YAA, YAB N /A N /A
Revision History
Revision Release Date Changes
0 February 14. 2025 Original document
Condition
The customer  complains of three white warning messages in the instrument cluster that read, “Emergency Stop 
Function currently not available. Driving permitted.”, “Active Lane Keeping currently not available. Driving 
permitted.”, and “Assistance Systems currently restricted. Sensor is dirty, observe messages in central display.” 
Along with these warnings comes yellow warning indicators for the affected driver assistance systems.
Advanced Technical Information 9Bulletin #: 2503
Part ID: 9638
Figure 1
First white warning in the 
instrument clusterFigure 2
Second white warning in the 
instrument clusterFigure 3
Third white warning in the 
instrument cluster
AfterSalesFeb 14, 2025
Page 2 of 4Technical Background
 In the event of frost, ice, dirt, etc. on the windscreen, the front camera used for many driver assistance systems is
 blocked from being operationally active, which in many cases is only temporary. This results in a ‘reversible’ white 
 error in the instrument cluster to instruct the driver that these functions are not available while the camera is 
 obstructed. In such cases, these messages and the affected assistance systems are functioning as designed.
Service Information
 Please inform the customer that any obstructions of the front camera (e.g., dirt, ice, snow, etc.) may restrict the 
 functionality of the front camera. For the active lane keeping warning see Owner’s Manual for more information: 
 Section “Driving Assistance” => “Lane Keep Assist” => “Activating and deactivating Lane Keep Assist” and Section
  “Driving Assistance” => “Active Lane Keeping” => “System Limitations”.
Advanced Technical Information 9Bulletin #: 2503
Part ID: 9638
Figure 4
Yellow indicators for affected systems
Figure 5
First reference for active lane keeping warning
AfterSalesFeb 14, 2025
Page 3 of 4 For the emergency stop function warning see Owner’s Manual for more information: section “Occupant protection”   
 => “Emergency Stop Function” => “System limitations”.
Advanced Technical Information 9Bulletin #: 2503
Part ID: 9638
Figure 6
Second reference for active lane keeping warning
Figure 7
Reference for emergency stop function warning

AfterSalesFeb 14, 2025
Page 4 of 4 The third white warning of Figure 3 of “Assistance Systems currently restricted” always accompanies one of the   
 other listed white warnings.
 If it is determined that there was no obstruction to the camera at the time of the warnings, continue further    
 diagnosis.
Search Items 
 Cayenne, Taycan, 911, Panamera, Macan (H2), Front Camera, Assistance Systems
Advanced Technical Information 9Bulletin #: 2503
Part ID: 9638
Important Notice : Technical Bulletins issued by Porsche Cars North America, Inc. are intended only for use by professional automotive technicians who have attended Porsche service training courses. They are 
written to inform those technicians of conditions that may occur on some Porsche vehicles, or to provide information that could assist in the proper servicing of a vehicle. Porsche special tools may be necessary in 
order to perform certain operations identified in these bulletins. Use of tools and procedures other than those Porsche recommends in these bulletins may be detrimental to the safe operation of your vehicle, and 
may endanger the people working on it. Properly trained Porsche technicians have the equipment, tools, safety instructions, and know-how to do the job properly and safely. Part numbers listed in these bulletins 
are for reference only. The work procedures updated electronically in the Porsche PIWIS diagnostic and testing device take precedence and, in the event of a discrepancy, the work procedures in the PIWIS Tester 
are the ones that must be followed.
©2025 Porsche Cars North America, Inc.