Copyright 2025 General Motors. All Rights Reserved.Bulletin No.: 24-NA-164
Service BulletinDate: February, 2025
INFORMATION
Information on Wiper Blade Maintenance Tips
Brand: Model: Model Year: VIN: Engine: Transmission:
from to from to
BrightDrop
All
Passenger
Cars and
Trucks2023 2026 — — All AllBuick
Cadillac
Chevrolet
GMC
Involved Region or CountryNorth America, Argentina, Brazil, Bolivia, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador, Paraguay, Peru,
Uruguay, Venezuela, Europe, Russia, Middle East, Iraq, Israel, Palestine, Japan, Cadillac
Korea (South Korea), GM Korea Company, China, Taiwan, Thailand, Singapore,
Philippines, Australia/New Zealand, Egypt, Other Africa, South Africa
Condition Some customers may comment on wipers streak, chatter, or poor performance.
CauseThe cause of the condition may be wiper blades worn, torn, nicked blade element or
contaminated glass or blade and non-uniform blade edges.
CorrectionThe following wiper blade best practices will help a technician determine if the there is a
defect in the wiper blade element or another non-warranty cause of the customer’s
concern.Subject:
Important: Service agents must comply with all International, Federal, State, Provincial, and/or Local laws
applicable to the activities it performs under this bulletin, including but not limited to handling, deploying,
preparing, classifying, packaging, marking, labeling, and shipping dangerous goods. In the event of a
conflict between the procedures set forth in this bulletin and the laws that apply to your dealership, you
must follow those applicable laws.
Wiper Blade Performance Diagnosis
Streaking is the most common warranty condition found with wiper blades on GM models. However, worn blades are
not the only cause of streaking. Several other issues that can affect wiper blade performance include contamination
build-up on the blade, windshield or rear glass; tears or nicks in the blade element; and non-uniform-blade element
edges. Each of these potential causes should be checked when inspecting wiper blades for poor performance.
Most concerns about wiper performance are the result of dirty wiper blades, damaged wiper arms or blades, or
blades that are worn beyond their useful life. Depending on environmental conditions and use, wiper blades can
have dramatic differences in lifespan.
Wipe Quality Diagnosis
If the vehicle exhibits a condition where the windshield wiper blade performance is compromised, check the following
items in order to properly evaluate the wipe quality:
1. Determine the wiper blade warranty status. The warranty window for wiper blades is 12 months or 7,500 miles
(12,070 Kms). If the vehicle exceeds either of the criteria, the wiper blade cannot be replaced under warranty.
2. Clean the windshield with windshield cleaner or equivalent. The cleaner should not scratch the glass or harm
the paint.
Page 2 February, 2025 Bulletin No.: 24-NA-164
6719199
3. Lift each wiper blade off the windshield and clean the element with a lint-free cloth saturated with washer
solvent.
4. Place both wiper blades back on the glass and activate the front windshield wash system to confirm if the wipe
quality concern is still present.
5. If the wipe quality issue is not present, do not replace the blades. The blades should be replaced only if the wipe
quality issue can be recreated after cleaning the glass and blades.
As with other criteria, wipe quality has different ratings to demonstrate ideal performance vs. degraded performance.
The following chart shows the different wipe quality ratings, where GM advises any rating of 7 or higher is deemed
acceptable. The wipe quality readings should be performed 3 seconds after the wipers stop.
Common Concerns
6719200
Streaking can be caused by a variety of issues, including:
• Small tears in the blade element.
• Blade wear over time.
Bulletin No.: 24-NA-164 February, 2025 Page 3
• Nicks created from attempting to clear the windshield of ice; contamination buildup on the wiper blade or
windshield, such as from bugs, road grime, sap or car wash/wax treatments.
• Non-uniform blade-element edges (as manufactured).
6719202
Chatter is a wiper defect where the blades move across the glass with a bouncing or uneven motion. The causes of
chatter can be related to:
• The permanent set of the blade, causing resistance of the blade to flip after reversal.
• High tip force of the arm.
• Snow or ice buildup in the wiper blade hinge.
• The blade not sitting on the glass at the proper angle.
If a chatter condition still exists after a blade change, it is possible that the tip force of the wiper arm is contributing to
the chatter.
Figure 1
6852817
Page 4 February, 2025 Bulletin No.: 24-NA-164
Figure 2
6852818
Figure 3
6852819
Bulletin No.: 24-NA-164 February, 2025 Page 5
Figure 4
6852820
If a chatter condition still exists after a customer purchased OEM blade replacement or returns relatively soon after
blade replacement, it is possible that the wiper arm is bent and putting the main body of the blade at an improper
angle. Relative to the glass, a correct arm will angle the blade slightly rearward when in the park position and slightly
toward the center of vehicle when at the outwipe reversal position. Here is how to check this:
• While stopped at the park position, look at the main body of the blade and see if it is slightly angled toward the
rear. If needed, use a business card or small square to help with this. See Figure 1 for a Structured Blade. The
End Cap on a Beam Blade makes this easier to see, as shown in Figure 2.  Figure 3 shows an extreme
example of improper blade angle.
• While stopped at the outwipe reversal position, look at the main body of the blade and see if it is slightly angled
toward the center of vehicle. If needed, use a business card or small square to help with this. (see Figure 4).
• If the blade is angled either forward at park or outboard at outwipe position, issue a Field Product Report before
the wiper arm is replaced. If the wiper arm is replaced it won't be a restricted labor operation like the blades. The
claim would not likely require wholesale (GM) authorization for payment. You could require a Field Product
Report (FPR) prior to authorization.
Several environmental conditions can play a role in the performance and longevity of wiper blades:
• Extremely dusty areas, such as driving on dirt roads, may cause a wiper blade’s rubber edge to wear quickly
and unevenly.
• Sand and salt used on roads for increasing traction and ice control during the winter may cause the wiper
blades to wear more quickly.
• Areas with significant snowfall may require more frequent blade replacements.
Page 6 February, 2025 Bulletin No.: 24-NA-164
Cold Weather Tips
6719204
Winter weather is generally a rough season for the wiper blades. The wipers should not be used to “wear through”
frost or to clear snow and ice off the windshield as it can cause damage to the wiper blade’s rubber element.
Instead, allow the vehicle’s defrosters to melt the frost, snow or ice, or manually clear the windshield.
Banging wipers on the glass to remove ice and snow also may cause the blade to bend, dislodging the rubber and
causing potential scratching of the windshield.
6719205
Ice in the wiper blade hinge should be cleared to allow the wiper blade to function properly.
Improper use of ice scrapers also can lead to wiper blade damage. Rubber blades are easily cut or torn when using
ice scrapers. Avoid excessive contact with the wiper blade by moving the ice scraper parallel to the blade, which
minimizes the possibility of damage. Do not pull the blades off a frozen windshield, which can tear the rubber or
damage the wiper.
To avoid contacting the wiper blades with an ice scraper, place the wiper arms in the “service up” position, if appli-
cable. With the wiper arms up, the wipers will not collect snow or stick to the glass, and it will prevent the ice scraper
from contacting a wiper blade that is frozen to the windshield.
Bulletin No.: 24-NA-164 February, 2025 Page 7
Wiper Blade Handling and Maintenance
Vehicle windshield wipers are exposed to weathering elements as soon as a vehicle is produced. Dealership policies
or customer habits also can affect wiper blade performance in many ways. The following items should be considered
when a vehicle is stored on the lot, or a vehicle is at the dealership for service.
• During extended outdoor storage, the wiper blades may be affected by dirt and debris stuck on the blade
surface. The wiper blades should be cleaned with a lint-free cloth or paper towel soaked with windshield washer
fluid. Be sure to wash the windshield thoroughly when cleaning the blades.
6719206
• Tree sap and pollen should be cleared off the windshield prior to using the wipers to avoid the contamination
being transferred or causing damage to the wiper blades. If possible, avoid parking under trees to prevent
contamination of the wipe area.
• Do not operate the wipers if the vehicle is extremely dirty with gritty or sandy materials, or if there are twigs/
sticks in the cowl area. If this type of debris is dragged by the force of the wipers while the windshield is dry, it
may cause glass scratching.
• Drive-through car washes with wax treatment and water repellants may compromise wipe quality when the
treatments cover the windshield. These treatments should be avoided to ensure proper wipe quality.
6719207
Page 8 February, 2025 Bulletin No.: 24-NA-164
• Dealership service tickets or any paperwork should not be placed under the wiper blade. The rubber blade
element should only be in contact with the glass as it can be distorted and possibly create a papercut on the
blade lip.
6719208
• Stickers or decals should not be placed in the front or rear wipe areas as the sticker creates unnecessary wear
each time it passes over the blade and compromises wipe quality.
• Vehicles with windshield chips or cracks in the wipe zone should be repaired to avoid tearing or creating nicks in
the wiper blade element.
• Precautions should be taken when handling the wiper blade to protect the blade element and avoid distortion.
For example, blades should not be stacked on one another as the blade element can be distorted and take a
“set” that compromises wipe quality. Wiper blades should be kept in the protective packaging as long as
possible to mitigate outside damage.
6719209
• Special care should be taken to ensure wiper blades are not straightened or bent. OEM blades are designed to
fit the contour of the glass. Once wiper blades are bent, the fit to the glass is compromised and can lead to wipe
quality issues.
Bulletin No.: 24-NA-164 February, 2025 Page 9
GM bulletins are intended for use by professional technicians, NOT a "do-it-yourselfer" . They are written to inform these
technicians of conditions that may occur on some vehicles, or to provide information that could assist in the proper
service of a vehicle. Properly trained technicians have the equipment, tools, safety instructions, and know-how to do a job
properly and safely. If a condition is described, DO NOT assume that the bulletin applies to your vehicle, or that your
vehicle will have that condition. See your GM dealer for information on whether your vehicle may beneﬁt from the
information.
WE SUPPORT VOLUNTARY
TECHNICIAN
CERTIFICATIONPart Returns
GM will occasionally open part return projects on certain vehicle programs and model years for wiper blade returns.
The intention of these projects is to gain a better understanding of the issues contributing to the warranty claim by
returning the wiper blade for additional analysis. If GM is requesting parts back, do not apply tape around the rubber
blade element or use a twist-tie wire to secure the blades as this will distort the blade element and prevent further
testing.
For more details about wiper blade diagnosis as well as proper handling and use, refer to the appropriate Service
Information.
Version 2
Modified Released August 21, 2024
Revised February 26, 2025 – Added the 2026 Model Year and Involved Regions/
Countries, and updated information under Common Concerns.