 
COPYRIGHT NOTICE 
The user acknowledges that all components of this technical information are Husqvarna’s and/or third parties’ copyright protected property. Alteration, assignment, 
distribution and reproduction are forbidden. 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 
The information included in or available through this technical information may include inaccuracies or errors. In no event shall Husqvarna and/or its suppliers be     
liable for any damages whatsoever, arising out of or in connection with the use of this technical information.  Please always refer to the Husqvarna owners and repair 
manuals for proper instructions or contact the Husqvarna Dealer Services Department. ©2025 Husqvarna Mobility North America, Inc. – All rights reserved 
Page 1 of 7 
 RECALL: THIS MODIFICATION HAS TOP PRIORITY AND MUST BE    
PERFORMED IMMEDIATELY TO ENSURE CUSTOMER SAFETY  
 
FRONT BRAKE CALIPER CHECK AND REPLACEMENT IF NECESSARY 
 
AFFECTED MODELS:  
2022 FE 350s, FE 501s 
2023 FE 350s, FE 501s 
2024 FE 350s, FE 501s 
 
RESTRICTIONS: AFFECTED MODELS ARE LINKED BY VIN IN DEALER.NET 
 
BASIC INFORMATION: 
Husqvarna Mobility North America, Inc. has determined that a defect which relates to motor vehicle safety exists 
with certain 2022, 2023 and 2024 Husqvarna motorcycles equipped with BRAKTEC front brake calipers. 
 
Irregularities were found in the casting structure of one of our brake supplier's subcontractors. In the worst case, 
this can lead to the front brake caliper cracking in the area around the upper guide pin.  See Figures 1 and 2. 
                         
                  Figure 1:                                                         Figure 2:                                                                          
If the front brake caliper cracks at the upper guide pin it may reduce the braking systems effectiveness. For this 
reason, the manufacturer of the brake caliper casting must be checked on affected vehicles and replaced if 
necessary.  
 
The differentiation between the suppliers of the cast raw parts of affected vehicles can be seen directly on the 
brake caliper, see Figures 3 and 4. on page 2. 

 
COPYRIGHT NOTICE 
The user acknowledges that all components of this technical information are Husqvarna’s and/or third parties’ copyright protected property. Alteration, assignment, 
distribution and reproduction are forbidden. 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 
The information included in or available through this technical information may include inaccuracies or errors. In no event shall Husqvarna and/or its suppliers be     
liable for any damages whatsoever, arising out of or in connection with the use of this technical information.  Please always refer to the Husqvarna owners and repair 
manuals for proper instructions or contact the Husqvarna Dealer Services Department. ©2025 Husqvarna Mobility North America, Inc. – All rights reserved 
Page 2 of 7 
 PROCEDURE FOR REPAIR: 
 
Check and replace front brake caliper if necessary: 
 
1. On affected vehicles, check which cast raw part manufacturer the brake caliper installed on the 
vehicle is from and therefore whether it is affected by the replacement (see Figures 3 and 4). 
- If the brake caliper is not affected by the replacement (Fig. 3 / supplier 1), continue with point 9. 
 Use campaign code 00 when creating the warranty claim. 
- If the brake caliper needs to be replaced (Fig. 4 / supplier 2), continue with point 2.  
 Use campaign code 01 when creating the warranty claim. 
 
Important note:  
This distinction only applies to vehicles linked to the recall!  
Vehicles produced later may also have these "centering holes” that are circled below in red but are not 
affected by the recall or replacement! You must check the VIN in the Dealer.net vehicle history first to 
determine if the vehicle is linked to this TI bulletin. 
      
        Figure 3:                                                                       Figure 4:  
        Front Brake caliper from OK sub-supplier 1             Front Brake caliper from non-OK sub-supplier 2 
        Calipers that look like this do not need replaced.    If the caliper looks like this and is also linked by 
                                                                                               VIN in Dealer.net it must be replaced.         
 
         
2. Remove the front brake caliper from the vehicle and disconnect the brake line. 
3. Remove the brake pads, brake caliper bracket, bolts and split pins from the "old" brake caliper and 
install them in the "new" brake caliper. 
4. Refit the brake hose to the brake caliper, see table 1 for torque. 
5. Refit the brake caliper to the vehicle, see table 1 for torque. 
6. Bleed the brake system. 
7. Carry out a short test drive to ensure that the brake system is functioning properly. 

 
COPYRIGHT NOTICE 
The user acknowledges that all components of this technical information are Husqvarna’s and/or third parties’ copyright protected property. Alteration, assignment, 
distribution and reproduction are forbidden. 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 
The information included in or available through this technical information may include inaccuracies or errors. In no event shall Husqvarna and/or its suppliers be     
liable for any damages whatsoever, arising out of or in connection with the use of this technical information.  Please always refer to the Husqvarna owners and repair 
manuals for proper instructions or contact the Husqvarna Dealer Services Department. ©2025 Husqvarna Mobility North America, Inc. – All rights reserved 
Page 3 of 7 
 8. Make the old part unusable (e.g., sawing in) and document it accordingly in the warranty claim with 
a photo and keep it in accordance with the retention period. 
9. Create a warranty claim with photo documentation of the "old" brake caliper in Husqvarna 
Dealer.net. 
 
 Avoid contact between brake fluid and painted parts. Brake fluid attacks paint!   
 Small amounts of brake fluid may leak out, therefore protect surrounding surfaces with proper 
protective covering to prevent damage. 
 Immediately wash off brake fluid residues or stains with water. 
 
We shall not provide a description of general workshop methods. Likewise, safety rules that apply in a workshop 
are not specified here. It is assumed that the repair work will be performed by a fully trained mechanic who has 
completed training or has a corresponding qualification. In the event of uncertainty, the most recent repair 
manual must be consulted.  
 
In the interest of clarity, some components may be shown disassembled or may not be shown at all. It is not 
always necessary to disassemble the component to perform the activity in question. Please follow the 
instructions in the text. 
 
Table 1 - Screw connections and torques 
Component Screw Torque Comment 
SK collar screw M8x30 
ISA40 SS 25 Nm Loctite® 243™ 
Banjo bolt M10 30 Nm  
             
Husqvarna Mobility North America, Inc. is notifying all registered owners of affected motorcycles by mail. A copy 
of the customer letter is included in this bulletin. The customer should take the letter along with the affected 
motorcycle to an authorized Husqvarna motorcycles dealer to have the front brake caliper checked and replaced 
if necessary.  
 
Dealers must check the front brake caliper on affected motorcycles in their inventory prior to any customer 
delivery and replace it if necessary. 
 
Any of the affected motorcycles received directly from Husqvarna Mobility North America, Inc. require the front 
brake caliper check and replacement if necessary procedure performed prior to customer delivery. Affected 
motorcycles acquired through dealer transfers or trades must be remedied and checked in Husqvarna 
Dealer.net to ensure and document that the repair has been performed.   
 
Motorcycles that are affected must not be sold until the front brake caliper check and replacement if 
necessary procedure is performed as described in this bulletin.    
 
It is a violation of Husqvarna Mobility North America, Inc. policy for an authorized Husqvarna motorcycles  dealer 
to deliver any affected units to customers before the procedure in this bulletin has been performed. 
 
COPYRIGHT NOTICE 
The user acknowledges that all components of this technical information are Husqvarna’s and/or third parties’ copyright protected property. Alteration, assignment, 
distribution and reproduction are forbidden. 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 
The information included in or available through this technical information may include inaccuracies or errors. In no event shall Husqvarna and/or its suppliers be     
liable for any damages whatsoever, arising out of or in connection with the use of this technical information.  Please always refer to the Husqvarna owners and repair 
manuals for proper instructions or contact the Husqvarna Dealer Services Department. ©2025 Husqvarna Mobility North America, Inc. – All rights reserved 
Page 4 of 7 
  
Husqvarna Mobility North America, Inc. must report to the federal government on a regular basis how many 
motorcycles have been inspected and repaired during this campaign. Be sure to submit your warranty request 
for reimbursement on every unit repaired to ensure accurate compliance numbers. 
 
VEHICLE LOCK INFORMATION: 
Unsold motorcycles that are linked to this recall are locked in the vehicle history.  The vehicle lock prevents 
the motorcycle from being retailed to a customer before the recall is performed.  In order to unlock the vehicle 
you must perform the recall and then submit a TI claim.  After the TI claim is submitted it will be possible to 
unlock and retail the motorcycle. 
 
PARTS ORDERING: 
Please order the following for each affected motorcycle: 
 
1 QTY. A59013015044 - Front brake caliper for TI 
 
WARRANTY INPUT INFORMATION:  
This Technical Bulletin only affects certain VIN numbers! Please check the VIN by performing a 
Motorcycle History search in Husqvarna Dealer.net to determine if it’s affected. If the motorcycle is 
affected you will see a link to the bulletin and its repair status in the history results. Husqvarna Mobility 
North America, Inc. will not warranty units whose VIN numbers are not listed as this bulletin does not 
apply to them. It is the responsibility of the dealer to determine if the unit requires this update by 
checking the vehicle history and understanding the instructions provided by this bulletin.  
 
Please note that when entering a warranty claim on an affected model, you must perform a history search, 
expand the Technical Information  window, click the blue arrow on the right side of the corresponding bulletin 
message.  
 
You can now choose the TI Number from the list. The TI number for this procedure is according to the repairs 
performed and listed in the warranty claim input information; click Continue with selected action code .  
The Warranty Claim is automatically entered for you, including parts & labor. You must enter additional 
information in the required fields marked with an asterisk “*” before submitting the claim to Husqvarna 
motorcycles. The flat rate time for this repair is based on the action performed and provided in minutes.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
COPYRIGHT NOTICE 
The user acknowledges that all components of this technical information are Husqvarna’s and/or third parties’ copyright protected property. Alteration, assignment, 
distribution and reproduction are forbidden. 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 
The information included in or available through this technical information may include inaccuracies or errors. In no event shall Husqvarna and/or its suppliers be     
liable for any damages whatsoever, arising out of or in connection with the use of this technical information.  Please always refer to the Husqvarna owners and repair 
manuals for proper instructions or contact the Husqvarna Dealer Services Department. ©2025 Husqvarna Mobility North America, Inc. – All rights reserved 
Page 5 of 7 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Warranty type:  
TI warranty  
Assembly group:  
13 – Brake system  
Damage code:  
900 – Failure identification by manufacturer 
Part causing failure:  
A54013020000 - Bleed screw cpl. 
Action code, parts, working time:  
Front brake caliper check: 
Campaign code 00: 13_2471095_00 
Labor:                          10 minutes 
Parts:                                  None 
Check and replace front brake caliper: 
Campaign code 01: 13_2471095_01 
Labor:                           30 minutes 
Parts:                                  1 piece #A59013015044 - Front brake caliper for TI 
                                       1 piece #GA06 - Brake fluid 
Are stock items affected:  
YES - all stock brake calipers #A54013015000, #A54113015000 and #A59013015000 must also be 
checked as described in step 1 above and if affected by the replacement must be returned to the 
spare parts warehouse via RMA.  
Guaranteed cost reimbursement under implied warranty:  
24 months  from the publication of the TI but at least 24 months  from the delivery date of the new 
vehicle 
 
COPYRIGHT NOTICE 
The user acknowledges that all components of this technical information are Husqvarna’s and/or third parties’ copyright protected property. Alteration, assignment, 
distribution and reproduction are forbidden. 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 
The information included in or available through this technical information may include inaccuracies or errors. In no event shall Husqvarna and/or its suppliers be     
liable for any damages whatsoever, arising out of or in connection with the use of this technical information.  Please always refer to the Husqvarna owners and repair 
manuals for proper instructions or contact the Husqvarna Dealer Services Department. ©2025 Husqvarna Mobility North America, Inc. – All rights reserved 
Page 6 of 7 
  
IMPORTANT SAFETY RECALL NOTICE  
NHTSA Recall No. xxxxxxx 
 
This notice applies to your motorcycle, VIN: «Vin»                  2/xx/2025 
«PdiFirstName» «PdiLastName»  
«PdiAddress1»  
«PdiCity», «PdiProvince» «PdiPostalCode»  
 
RE: Affected models:  
2022 FE 350s, FE 501s 
2023 FE 350s, FE 501s 
2024 FE 350s, FE 501s 
 
Dear Husqvarna motorcycle customer, 
 
This notice is sent to you in accordance with the requirements of the National Traffic and Motor Vehicle Safety Act.  
Husqvarna Mobility North America, Inc. has determined that a defect which relates to motor vehicle safety exists with certain 
2022, 2023 and 2024 Husqvarna motorcycles equipped with BRAKTEC front brake calipers. 
 
Irregularities were found in the casting structure of one of our brake supplier's subcontractors. In the worst case, this can 
lead to the front brake caliper cracking in the area around the upper guide pin on affected front brake calipers. 
 
If the front brake caliper cracks at the upper guide pin it may reduce the braking systems effectiveness. For this reason, 
the supplier of the brake caliper casting must be checked on affected vehicles and replaced if necessary. 
 
To remedy this defect, it is necessary to have the front brake caliper inspected by an authorized Husqvarna motorcycles 
dealer to verify which supplier produced the front brake caliper that is mounted on your motorcycle to determine if it is 
defective or not defective.   
 
 If during the inspection your front brake caliper is determined to not be defective then the front brake caliper does 
not need to be replaced. 
 
 If during the inspection your front brake caliper is determined to be defective then the front brake caliper needs to 
be replaced.   
 
Please contact your authorized Husqvarna motorcycles dealer (log onto www.husqvarna-motorcycles.com  for a complete 
dealer listing) as soon as possible to arrange having the front brake caliper inspected and replaced if necessary.  It is 
suggested that you call your local authorized Husqvarna motorcycles dealer to make an appointment to have the recall 
repair performed. The procedure will take approximately 30 minutes.  However, it may be necessary to leave your 
motorcycle with the dealer for a longer period of time depending on their work schedule and if they need to order 
replacement parts. Please present a copy of this letter along with your motorcycle to your local authorized Husqvarna 
motorcycles dealer. There will be no charge for this service. 
 
If you have any questions related to the content of this letter, please contact Husqvarna Mobility North America, Inc. 
Customer Relations at (888) 985-6090 for assistance. Furthermore, if you believe that Husqvarna motorcycles has failed 
to remedy this defect without charge or is unable to do so within a reasonable time, you may submit a complaint to the 
Administrator, National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, 1200 New Jersey Avenue, S.E., Washington, DC 20590 or 
call 1-888-327-4236 (TTY: 1-800-424-9153); or go to http://www.safercar.gov   
 
If you have sold, traded or no longer own this motorcycle, it is important for the safety of the current owner that you inform 
Husqvarna Mobility North America, Inc. of current ownership or unknown ownership status by returning the second page 
of this letter in the enclosed self-addressed prepaid postage envelope.   
 
COPYRIGHT NOTICE 
The user acknowledges that all components of this technical information are Husqvarna’s and/or third parties’ copyright protected property. Alteration, assignment, 
distribution and reproduction are forbidden. 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 
The information included in or available through this technical information may include inaccuracies or errors. In no event shall Husqvarna and/or its suppliers be     
liable for any damages whatsoever, arising out of or in connection with the use of this technical information.  Please always refer to the Husqvarna owners and repair 
manuals for proper instructions or contact the Husqvarna Dealer Services Department. ©2025 Husqvarna Mobility North America, Inc. – All rights reserved 
Page 7 of 7 
  
If you are a vehicle lessor, Federal Regulations require you to forward this notice to your lessee within ten days. 
 
If you have already paid for a repair related to this concern before the date of this letter, you may be eligible for 
reimbursement.  Please contact Husqvarna motorcycles Customer Relations at the number above for more information. 
 
We apologize for any inconvenience and want to assure you that our commitment together with all Husqvarna motorcycles 
dealers is to provide you with the highest level of service, support and customer satisfaction.  
 
Best Regards,  
Dealer Services Department  
Husqvarna Mobility North America, Inc. 
 
 
 
 
 
 