INDIAN MOTORCYCLE
HELP CENTER
What can we help you ﬁnd? Search
Help Center Home / Article
02/25/2025
2019-2024 FTR Brake System Inspection and Maintenance
Requir ed Tools and Supplies
Shop Rags Safety Glasses
Nitrile Gloves Brake R otor Measurement T ool
Mirror All-Purpose Grease
Flashlight Phillips Screwdriver
Brake Fluid 4mm Allen Socket
10mm Socket Phillips Socket
Ratchet Torque Wrench
Always wear safety glasses and nitrile gloves when servicing your Indian Motorcycle. T o inspect and
maintain the brake system on your FTR, follow these steps:
1. Position the motorcycle fully upright on level ground with the handlebars pointed straight ahead. FTR 1200 Br ake System Inspection and Maintenance - Indian Mot orcycle FTR 1200 Br ake System Inspection and Maintenance - Indian Mot orcycle
2. Check the fluid level through the sight glass with a flashlight. The fluid level should be above the
minimum indicator mark on the sight glass.
3. Before adding fluid, wipe the area with a clean cloth. 
4. Remove the two cover fasteners with a Phillips screwdriver.
5. Remove the cover and diaphragm. Do not allow brake fluid to contact painted surfaces or paint
damage may occur. 
6. Add fluid as needed. Do not overfill. A 12-ounce bottle (355 mL) of DO T 4 Brake Fluid is  part
number 2880016 .
7. Reinstall the diaphragm, cover and fasteners. Torque the fasteners to 10 in-lbs (1 Nm).
8. Clean any residual fluid off the vehicle to prevent paint damage. 
9. Lubricate the pivot pin and brake lever hinge point.
10. Remove the bottom nut with a 10mm socket.
11. Push up to remove the pivot pin. Do not remove the brake lever from the bike.
12. Clean off any old grease or dirt from the pivot pin and hinge points. 
13. Lubricate the pivot pin and hinge points with all-purpose grease. 
14. Reinstall the pivot pin and torque until fully seated. 
15. Reinstall the bottom nut. Torque to 52 in-lbs (6 Nm).
16. Clean any residual grease off the bike and ensure proper operation of the brake lever.
17. Inspect the banjo bolts on the front brake master cylinder for leaks.
18. Inspect the brake line from the brake reservoir to under the fuel tank. Continue by inspecting the
line running from under the fuel tank to the front junction block.
19. Inspect the connections at the front junction block and follow the brake lines to both front brake
calipers, looking for any leaks, kinks or damage.
20. Inspect the connections at the front brake calipers for leaks. 
21. Inspect the brake pad friction material. R eplace when the thinnest point of the friction material
has worn to the service limit indicator groove. 
22. Inspect the front brake rotor for wear or damage and measure the thickness at four or more
locations. R eplace any rotor that is damaged or worn to the minimum thickness at any point. The
service limit is 4.5 mm (0.177 inches).
23. Clean the rotor as recommended in your Owner’s Manual  to resolve minor squeaks from dirt or
dust. 
24. Also inspect the front ABS tone ring for damaged teeth and the wheel speed sensor for
excessive debris.
25. Move to the rear fluid reservoir near the rear brake pedal on the right side of the bike.
26. Ensuring the bike is still level, check the fluid level with a flashlight. The fluid level should be
above the minimum indicator mark on the reservoir body. 
27. Before adding fluid, wipe the area with a clean cloth. 
28. Then remove the cover and diaphragm. Add fluid as needed. Do not overfill. Do not allow brake
fluid to contact painted surfaces. or paint damage may occur.
29. Reinstall the cover and clean any residual fluid off the vehicle to prevent paint damage. 
30. Inspect for leaks on the banjo bolts at the rear master cylinder.
31. Continue by following the rear brake lines leaving the master cylinder, looking for any leaks,
kinks or damage. 
32. Continue following the brake lines from the center of the bike toward the rear caliper. Also
ensure the brake line retainers are properly secured.
33. Inspect the banjo bolts for leaks at the rear caliper.  
34. Then inspect the rear brake pad and rotor and replace if worn to their minimum thickness.
35. Also inspect the rear ABS tone ring and wheel sensor. 
36. If inspection reveals any need for service or replacement, see your authorized Indian Motorcycle
Dealer. 
For more information, see your authorized Indian Motorcycle Dealer. Find a dealer near you with
the Dealer Locator .
Maintenance tips, procedures and specifications can be found in your  Owner's Manual .
To find diagrams and replacement part numbers, use the  online parts catalog .
YouTube® is a r egistered trademark o f Google LL C
Unless not ed, tr ademarks ar e the pr operty of Indian Mot orcycle Int ernational, LL C
© 2022 Indian Mot orcycle Int ernational, LL C
Keyword(s) video , maintenance , brake , brakes , inspect , inspecting ,Was this article helpful?
Yes, it answers my question
No, it's missing information or visuals
No, the instructions are unclear
No, What are the next steps?
No, I'm experiencing a technical error
Other
* How can we improve this article? We'd love to hear your suggestions
Tell us what you would like to see in this article
Send [] -
HELPFUL LINKS