 
  
   
 
This document does not authorize warranty repairs.   This communication documents a record of past experiences.   STAR Online  
does not provide any conclusions about what is wrong with the vehicle.  Rather, it captures all previous cases known that appear  
to be similar or related to the vehicle symptom / condition.   You are the expert, and you are responsible for deciding on the  
appropriate course of action.  
 
Contact STAR Center, or your Technical Assistance Center Via TechConnect,  eCONTACT or Service Library  
entry if no solution is found .  
 
Stellantis  US LLC                                           Version 4.5 07/22/2022 
Case Number:   S2508000013  
 
Release Date:   February  2025 
Symptom/Vehicle Issue : The Cluster Electronic Vehicle Information Center (EVIC) Display s 
“ACC/FCW Unavailable Service Required” , “Adaptive  Cruise Control (ACC) System is Disabled”  
Customer  Complaint/T echnician  Observation:  Customer  complains of a cluster message 
“ACC/FCW Unavailable Service Required ” along with the following conditions Adaptive Cruise 
Control, Driver Assist Inoperative.   
 
Technicians may observe one or more  of the following Diagnostic Trouble 
Codes :  
 
P1666 -00-CRUISE CONTROL MODULE INTERNAL (MODULE, Adaptive Cruise Control (ACC)) . 
 
Discussion:  
 
P1666 -00 is a General Diagnostic Trouble Code ( DTC) that may set in combination with other DTC(s) 
which may impact the Driver Assistance System Module (DASM) functionality. Prior to replacing the 
DASM, start your diagnostic procedure with the DTC(s) in "Active" Status.  The DASM should not be 
replaced if the DTC is in a “Stored” status.   
 
Refer to the below conditions  if P1666 -00 is in a “Stored” status : 
 
Battery : Ensure Battery State of Charge (S OC) is above 85% and  battery  is charged to nominal 
voltage of 10-16 Volts. Check for Voltage related DTCs such as, C212A -84-System Below Allowable 
Range , B21DD -16-System Voltage -Circuit Voltage Below Threshold , B21DD -84-System Voltage -
Signal Below Allowable Rang e, and/or any mentioning of an undervoltage or overvoltage.  
 
Electrical/Wiring Harness : Ensure there is no corrosion/tear or any damage to the wiring harness in 
relation to the fascia  or any Steering  (SCCM)  or ABS which impacts the ACC system.  
 
Mechanical:  In some cases,  P1666 -00 may set w ith C14A4 -00-Sensor Adjustment Required . A 
broken tab may  also set th is DTC. Inspect the DASM and  ensure no damage to the bracket and tabs 
is made. Refer to S2408000114.  
 
  
   
 
This document does not authorize warranty repairs.   This communication documents a record of past experiences.   STAR Online  
does not provide any conclusions about what is wrong with the vehicle.  Rather, it captures all previous cases known that appear  
to be similar or related to the vehicle symptom / condition.   You are the expert, and you are responsible for deciding on the  
appropriate course of action.  
 
Contact STAR Center, or your Technical Assistance Center Via TechConnect,  eCONTACT or Service Library  
entry if no solution is found .  
 
Stellantis  US LLC                                           Version 4.5 07/22/2022 
 
Yaw Rate : If DTC for  Yaw Rate C0063 -9A-Yaw Rate Sensor -Component or System Operating 
Conditions  is being set with P1666 -00. Cycle the ignition, which should send any active DTCs to 
stored  when no issues are present , if an active DTC remains then confirm all other P1666 -00 
conditions  are repaired and continue with normal DTC diagnostics as needed.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 