Work Instruction
               Date:  February 14, 2025
Bulletin Name: MISC-WI-011-A
            Model:  Rear Loader (10, 12),  
                         Meridian Front Loader (78),  
                         Zero Radius Side Loader (48)
    Model Year: 2020-2022
Units Affected: Units with 7” IFM displayProgramming instructions for 7” IFM 
display in Refuse Vehicles1 of 7
SAFETY  NOTICE
Use appropriate Personal Protective 
Equipment (PPE) as required by your 
company .Purpose:
McNeilus Truck and Manufacturing offers these instructions for programming the 7” IFM display CR1083 
(McNeilus PN 1649565) for Rear Loader (Standard model 10 and tag axle model 12), Meridian Front Loader 
(model 78), and Zero Radius Side Loader (model 48).
Notice:
• This document should be read and understood in its 
entirety before performing this procedure.
• All procedures outlined in the bulletin must be 
performed by skilled service personnel. Refer to the 
product service manual for descriptions of maintenance 
procedures.
• This document is confidential and limited to exclusive 
distribution within McNeilus Refuse Service and 
authorized dealer and service networks .
Tools and Equipment Required:
Technician to supply:
• PN 1695632 programming cable for IFM display
• USB jump drive (unencrypted and empty of any other files/documents/programs)
SAFETY  NOTICE
Perform your company’ s Lockout/T agout 
procedure. If your company does not have a 
Lockout/T agout procedure, follow OSHA  
1910.147 and 1910.146 Confined Space as 
appropriate.
2 of 7
This document is confidential and limited to exclusive distribution within McNeilus Refuse service.Procedure
Prepare the USB jump drive:
1. Plug the empty, unencrypted USB jump drive into your computer (Figure 1).
)
Figure 1
2. Open “File Explorer” (Figure 2).
Figure 2
3. Locate your jump drive in the left menu and right click ( NOTE that the name of the jump drive will vary).
4. Select “Format”. See Figure 3.
Figure 3
3 of 7
This document is confidential and limited to exclusive distribution within McNeilus Refuse service.5. In the format window under the “File system” select “FAT32”.
6. Click “Start” at the bottom of the window. See Figure 4.
Figure 4
7. Click “OK” to acknowledge that formatting will erase any data currently on the drive (Figure 5).
Figure 5
8. Watch for the green bar at the bottom of the window to start to fill (Figure 6).
Figure 6
4 of 7
This document is confidential and limited to exclusive distribution within McNeilus Refuse service.9. When the formatting process has completed, a window will pop up informing you that the process completed 
successfully (Figure 7).
Figure 7
10. Your jump drive is now ready.
Loading software on to your jump drive
1. Locate the files on your computer. There will be a total of one to three files depending on the update you have 
been provided. The file names will vary based on the version of software that you have been provided.
2. Select all files.
3. Right click and select “Copy”. See Figure 8.
Figure 8
4. Open the new jump drive. Right click and select “Paste” in the window . See Figure 9.
IMPORTANT: The files cannot be in a sub-folder on the drive or the display will not find them.
Figure 9
5 of 7
This document is confidential and limited to exclusive distribution within McNeilus Refuse service.5. The files will copy over to your new jump drive (Figure 10).
Figure 10
6. Right click on the USB drive and select “Eject” before removing it from your computer .
7. The next step is to load the software into the 7” IFM display.
Loading Software into a Display
1. Ensure the battery switch for the truck is on and the ignition key is off.
2. Locate the USB programming port on the back of the display and remove the plug. The programming port is 
next to the large orange key on the back of the display.
3. Install the programming cable into the USB programming port. See Figure 1 1.
Figure 11
4. Install your jump drive with the preloaded files into the programming cable (Figure 12).
Figure 12
6 of 7
This document is confidential and limited to exclusive distribution within McNeilus Refuse service.5. Press and hold any two buttons on the display at the same time, then turn the key on, but do not start the 
truck. Continue holding the two buttons until the Setup page populates on the display . See Figure 13.
Figure 13
6. Press the “ENTER” button to select “SETUP” (Figure 14).
Figure 14
7. After a few seconds, the file loading screen will populate. This screen will show your file name that is 
compatible with your display. Press the “START” button to begin loading the software on to the display. See 
Figure 15.
Figure 15
7 of 7
This document is confidential and limited to exclusive distribution within McNeilus Refuse service.
Continuous Improvement:
The change included in this document is part of the 
McNeilus Continuous Improvement Process.
McNeilus ’s quality policy is providing customer satisfaction 
through innovative products, dedicated service, and a 
constant focus on continuous improvement.(888) 686-7278
www.streetsmartparts.com
8. The screen will begin loading the file (Figure 16).
Figure 16
9. Once the loading process completes, the screen will display “Restore Complete.” Press the “REBOOT” button 
to complete the process. See Figure 17.
Figure 17
10. Turn the key off and ensure the display shuts down prior to removing the programming cable from the display 
or your USB drive from the cable.
11. Remove the programming cable and reinstall the plug into the USB programming port on the display .
12. Programming of the 7” IFM display is complete.
13. Return truck to service.