Involved Region or
CountryNorth America
Condition Whine noise from the transmission while driving 
Cause Internal transmission noise 
Bulletin No.: PIP5958A
Published date: 02/25/2025
Preliminary Information
PIP5958A Information On PICO Recording For CVT Transmissions
With Noise Concerns
Models
Brand: Model: Model Y ears:VIN:Engine: Transmissions:from to
Chevr oletEquino x2025 All AllAll MRQ
Chevr oletMalibu 2019 - 2025 All AllAll MRG
Chevr oletTrailblazer 2021 - 2025 All AllAll MRG
Buick Encor e GX 2020 - 2025 All AllAll MRG
 
 
 
Correction:
Some customers ma y complain of a noise from the front of the vehicle while driving 
This noise ma y be described, as a whine, grind possibly a bearing noise 
If the noise is isolated to the transmission the following steps should be tak en
First Inspect the pulleys and chains per bulletin 20-NA-120
If Damage is seen to the pulleys or chain, please replace the transmission per bulletin 20-
NA-120
If there is no visible damage to the pulleys or chain the following steps must be tak en prior
to removal of the transmission 
Note: Ensure you are using a PicoScope purchased through the GM dealer tool network.
PicoScopes purchased outside of the GM dealer tool network have diﬀerent software,
which will corrupt the ﬁle.
Note: F or additional training and information on PicoScope, visit the Center of Learning
and search for course PicoScope Noise, V ibration, and Harshness Diagnostics Overview and
Oscilloscope Diagnostic Kit Description and Operation within SI.
If you need to download or update the PicoScope, follow the steps below:
1. Log into GM GlobalConnect.
2. Click on the "Departments" drop down menu and select "Service.”
3. Under "Applications" on the service page, select "Special T ools and Software updates.”
4. You will now be re-directed to www .gmtoolsandequipment.com (do not access this site
directly as it requires the use of GlobalConnect to allow downloads).
5. Click the link under "Software Downloads" for the latest PicoScope software version and
a new page will open.
6. Click the setup links and follow instructions to update the tool.
Important: Service agents must comply with all International, F ederal, State, Provincial,
and/or Local laws applicable to the activities it performs under this Preliminary
Information, including but not limited to handling, deploying, preparing, classifying,
packaging, marking, labeling, and shipping dangerous goods. In the event of a conﬂict
between the procedures set forth in this bulletin and the laws that apply to your
dealership, you must follow those applicable laws.
Recording Procedure
1. Place the PicoScope sensor on the plug located on the left side of the transmission, at
the base of the unit. This plug is used as a pressure tap for the pulley assembly . The
sensor cable can be run into the passenger compartment with the hood closed
2. Open the most current version of GM NVH
3. After completing the wiza rd, go back into the setup tab under V ibration Signal and
select Single Channel. Select T A148 Interface in the “Box” dropdown and T A144
Microphone  for the “Sensor ” Drop down. Select the Location as Engine Compartment.
Also under the V ehicle Information tab set the correct tire size and the proper ﬁnal
drive ratio       . For Malibu Final  Drive Ratio is 5.10 and F or the T railblazer and Encore GX
the ﬁnal Drive Ratio is 5.44
Note: If using 3 axis, use center channel only and set up as single axis.
 
4. Drive the vehicle to verify the condition. Once the condition is present please
bookmark the beginning of the noise/vibration and maintain the noise to obtain a
good recording .
5. While the reviewed data is still on the screen, click ﬁle save. It should be formatted as
.pdddata
Version 1
Modiﬁed01/16/2024-Created on  
02/25/2025-Updated models.
6. The next box allows you to save the vehicle information as well as customer
information and notes in the Notes box. This could be sensor location, sensor
direction and even road surface name, etc. Click Ok when you are done adding
information.
 
7. Create an T AC Case by calling in or using Dealer Case Management
8. Please attach the recording to the case or e-mail to T ACSNAPSHOT@gm.com in the
U.S. and T ACSNAPSHOTCANADA@gm.com in Canada and in the subject line Put
Vibration, your BAC, and last 8 of the VIN.  If there are pictures of the Pulleys and the
Chain please include these as well, along with the best number by which to contact
you at.
9. Once the case has been created, it will be reviewed and you will be contacted with a
repair direction
Note: Please allow 24-48 hours following case creation for a response
Version History
 
 
GM Global Brands
© 2025 General Motors. All Rights R eserved.