GENERAL MOTORS  
DCS 7149  
URGENT - DISTRIBUTE IMMEDIATELY  
 
Date:  February 19 , 2025 
  
Subject:  N242480200  - Service Update  
 Water Leaks Due to Missing Sealer  
  
Models:  2025 Chevrolet Silverado 1500/2500  HD/3500  HD 
   
  
General Motors is releasing  Service Update N242480200  today.    
What Should Dealers Do:  Dealers should review IVH or the Dealer Maxis reports 
for open VINs in their inventory.   Dealers can view the attached bulletin and it 
will also be displayed in Service Information tomorrow .   
The Stock VIN list of vehicles in dealer inventory is attached to this message. 
Note: this list is only accurate at the time of report creation and all VINs should 
be validated in IVH prior to repair.   
END OF MESSAGE  
Service Update  
N242480200  Water Leaks Due to Missing Sealer   
 
 Page 1 of 5 
 
Release Date : February  2025 Revision : 00  
Attention:  This service update include s vehicles in dealer inventory and customer vehicles that return to the 
dealership for any reason. This bulletin will expire at the end of the involved vehicle’s New Vehicle Limited 
Warranty period.   
 
Make  Model  Model Year  
From  To 
Chevrolet  Silverado 1500/2500HD/3500HD  2025  2025  
Investigate Vehicle History (IVH) in the GM Global Warranty Management system should always be checked to confirm 
vehicle involvement prior to beginning any required inspections and/or repairs .   
Condition  Certain vehicles listed above  may have a condition in which  the seam sealer is not fully installed.  
Correction  Dealers are to inspect the right front side floor panel  seam and apply seam sealer if necessary.  
Parts  
Quantity  Part Name  Part No.  
As 
Required  Kent® High -Tech Seam Sealer Clear  or equivalent  *P10200  
* Contact Kent Automotive : 
USA: 1-888-937-5368  or www.kent -automotive.com . 
Canada: 1-800-563-1717  or www.kent -automotive.c a.   
Dealers that do not have a Kent Automotive account or representative must advise the Customer Service 
Representative that the part(s) is being used for this GM bulletin to obtain special bulletin pricing.   Do not order from 
GMCCA.  
Warranty Information  
Labor 
Operation  Description  Labor 
Time  Trans. 
Type  Net 
Item 
9107853  Inspect Seam for Missing Sealer – No Further Action Required  0.3 ZFAT  N/A 
9107854  Apply Seam Sealer (includes inspection)  0.5 ZFAT  * 
**9107855  Dry Front Floor  Panel  Carpet  ST ZFAT  N/A 
*The amount identified in “Net Item” should represent the actual sum total of the current GMCC&A Dealer net price for 
Clear Seam Sealer needed to perform the required repairs, not to exceed $ 4.00 USD, $ 5.81 CAD, plus applicable Mark -
Up or Landed Cost (for Export).   
**Important : If drying the Front Floor Panel Carpet is necessary, claim this Labor Code BEFORE claiming Labor Op 
9107854 . DO NOT Submit  for Labor Code 91 07854  until the Drying Labor Code has  been Accepted/Paid. Failure to do 
so will result in having to “H” route the claim.  
Service Procedure  
1. Remove the RH Front Side Door Sill Garnish Molding . Refer to Front Side Door Sill Garnish Molding Replacement  
in SI.  
Service Update  
N242480200 Water Leaks Due to Missing Sealer   
 
  Page 2 of 5 
  
 6830769  
2. Pull back the RH Front Floor Panel Carpet away from the Upper RH corner of the Front Floor Panel, underneath 
the Instrument Panel.  
3. Remove the Multifunction Power Supply Converter Bracket. Refer to Multifunction Power Supply Converter Bracket 
Replacement  in SI.  
6830780  
Note:  The Multifunction Power Supply Converter Bracket must be removed to pull the carpet covering back enough to 
access the seam for inspection.  
6830773  
4. Pull aside the carpet covering  under the Instrument Panel  on the bulkhead to gain access the seam.  

Service Update  
N242480200 Water Leaks Due to Missing Sealer   
 
  Page 3 of 5 
  
6830775  
5. Inspect the sealer bead for complete coverage of the seam as pictured above.  
• If the seam is completely covered by the seam sealer, Proceed to Step 1 2. 
• If the seam in NOT completely covered by the seam sealer and is exposed, Proceed to Step 6. 
Note : Ensure there is no loose dirt or debris on and around the area to be sealed.  
6. Clean and prep the area using general purpose adhesive cleaner.  
6830776  
Important:  Ensure the area being sealed is clean and dry before applying the sealer.  
7. Wearing a glove, apply the seam sealer to fingers and apply the sealer to the exposed seam, including good 
coverage around the area of exposed seam.  
8. Allow the sealer to dry and cure per the manufacturer’s instructions.  
6830794  

Service Update  
N242480200 Water Leaks Due to Missing Sealer   
 
  Page 4 of 5 
  
6830795  
9. Verify there are no leaks coming from the seam by spraying water  with a garden hose  at the bulkhead from 
underneath the Air Inlet Grille Panel for 1 minute, as shown above.  
• If there are no leaks detected inside of the vehicle at the area of the repaired seam, proceed to Step 1 0. 
• If the seam is still leaking inside the vehicle, repeat Steps 6-8. 
10. Inspect the RH section of the Front Floor Panel Carpet for signs of water intrusion . 
• If the Front Floor Panel Carpet has signs of water intrusion, proceed to Step 1 1. 
• If the Front Floor Panel Carpet DOES NOT show any signs of water intrusion, proceed to Step 1 2. 
Note : Follow the 3 -step drying method below, regardless of the type of carpet equipped in the vehicle.  
11. Dry the RH section of the Front Floor Panel Carpet using the steps below.  
• If you observe puddles of liquid on the carpet face, use a wet vacuum to remove the excess moisture.  
• Blot the face of the carpet with a towel in order to absorb as much moisture as possible.  
• Point a fan at the affected area and air dry the carpet.  
12. Reposition the carpet covering on the bulkhead to its original positioning.  
13. Reinstall the Multifunction Power Supply Converter  Bracket. Refer to Multifunction Power Supply Converter Bracket 
Replacement  in SI. 
14. Reposition the RH Front Floor Panel Carpet  to its original positioning . 
15. Reinstall the RH Front Side Door Sill Garnish Molding. Refer to Front Side Door Sill Garnish Molding Replacement  
in SI. 
Dealer Responsibility   
Whenever a vehicle subject to this service update enters your vehicle inventory or is in your facility for service in the 
future, and the vehicle is still covered under the New Vehicle Limited Warranty, you must take the steps necessary to be 
sure the serv ice update correction has been made before selling or releasing the vehicle.  
All new, used, GM Certified Pre -Owned (CPO), courtesy transportation vehicles, dealer shuttle vehicles, CarBravo, etc. 
in dealers' possession and subject to this field action  must be held and inspected/repaired per the service procedure of 
this bulletin before customers take possession of these vehicles. Involved vehicles must be held and not delivered to 
customers, dealer -traded, released to auction, used for demonstration, o r any other purpose.  
 
All GM Certified Pre -Owned (CPO) vehicles currently in the dealers’ inventory within the SHIFT Digital system will be 
de-certified and must be held and remedied per the service procedure in this bulletin. Upon submitting an accepted/paid 
warranty transaction in the Global Warranty Managem ent (GWM) system, the vehicle can be re -certified for sale within 
the SHIFT Digital system, or once again be used in the Courtesy Transportation Program.  
 
 
 

Service Update  
N242480200 Water Leaks Due to Missing Sealer   
 
  Page 5 of 5 
  
Dealer Reports  – For USA & Export  
The Inventory tab of the Open Vehicle Report will contain Service Update Bulletin VINs that apply to this field action.  
This information is intended to assist dealers with the  PROMPT COMPLETION  of these vehicles.  The Customer In -
Service tab will not contain Service Update Bulletin VIN data because the intent of a Service Update Bulletin is to not 
inconvenience a customer with a special trip for service.  Service Update Bulletins are to be compl eted when the 
customer is in for a regularly scheduled visit.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
GM bulletins are intended for use by professional technicians, NOT a " do-it-yourselfer ".  They are written to inform these technicians of 
conditions that may occur on some vehicles, or to provide information that could assist in the proper service of a vehicle.  Properly tr ained 
technicians have the tools, equipment, safety instructions, and know -how to do a job properly and safely.  If a condition is described, DO NOT  
assume that the bulletin applies to your vehicle, or that your vehicle will have that condi tion.  See your dealer for information on whether your 
vehicle may benefit from the information.    
 We Support 
Voluntary Technician 
Certification  
 
