Technical Service Bulletin (TSB)
Front Lower Control Arm Stabilizer Link Noise
REFERENCE: TSB:  02-001-25
GROUP:  02 - Front SuspensionDate: February 25, 2025 REVISION: –
VEHICLES
AFFECTED:2019 - 2024 (DT) RAM 1500 Pickup
This bulletin applies to vehicles that are not equipped with Front
Active Perf Shock Absorbers (Sales Code SFE).MARKET APPLICABILITY:
NA
SA
EEMEA
IAP
CH
CUSTOMER
SYMPTOM:Customers may experience the following:
●Rattle or clunk noise coming from the front end of the vehicle when driving over bumps, performing turns or
during normal operation.
CAUSE: Loose stabilizer link attachment to lower control arm nut
REPAIR SUMMARY:
This bulletin involves road testing and possibly tightening the stabilizer link attachment to lower control arm
nut.
CLAIMS DATA:
Labor Operation No: Labor Description Skill Category Labor Time
02-20-10-9C Nut, Stabilizer Link to
Lower Control Arm -
Retorque
(1 - Semi-Skilled)4 - Chassis 0.4 Hrs.
Failure Code ZZ Service Action
DIAGNOSIS:
If the customer describes any of the symptoms listed above in the customer symptom section, perform the
Repair Procedure.
REPAIR PROCEDURE:
1. Perform road test to verify the customer concern.
2. Was a rattle or clunk noise coming from the front end of the vehicle when driving over bumps, performing
turns or during normal operation?
● YES>>> Proceed to Step 3 .
● NO>>> This bulletin does not apply.
3. Raise and support the vehicle. Refer to the detailed service procedures available in DealerCONNECT/
Service Library under: Service Info> 04 - Vehicle Quick Reference / Hoisting / Standard Procedure.
4. Inspect the stabilizer link attachment to lower control arm nut for the proper tightening torque of 110 N·m
(81 Ft. Lbs.) Fig. 1 .
Fig. 1
Lower Stabilizer Link Nut
1 - Stabilizer Link Attachment To Lower Control Arm Nut
5. Is the stabilizer link attachment to lower control arm nut properly tightened to the torque specification?
● YES>>> This bulletin does not apply. Perform further diagnosis. Refer to the detailed service
procedures available in DealerCONNECT/Service Library under: Service Info> 02 - Front Suspension /
Front, Independent Front Suspension / Diagnosis and Testing.
● NO>>> Proceed to Step 6 .
6. Tighten the stabilizer link attachment to lower control arm nut to 110 N·m (81 Ft. Lbs.).
POLICY:
Reimbursable within the provisions of the warranty.
This bulletin is supplied as technical information only and is not an authorization for repair. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or
transmitted, in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, or otherwise, without written permission of FCA US LLC.