 
CUSTOMER INFORMATION: The information in this bulletin is intended for use only by skilled technicians who have the proper tools, equipment, 
and training to correctly and safely maintain your vehicle. These procedures should not be attempted by “do- it-yourselfers,” and you should not 
assume this bulletin applies to your vehicle, or that your vehicle has the condition described. To determine whether this information applies, contact 
an authorized Honda automobile dealer.  
 
© 2025 American Honda Motor Co., Inc. –  All Rights Reserved   Page 1 of 2 
         Service Bulletin  25-024 
February 7, 202 5    Version 1  
Parking an d Back-U p Sensor Software  Update  
APPLIES TO  
Year  Model  Trim  Level  VIN Range  
2022 –24 Civic Touring 4-door                                          ALL 
SYMPTOM  
Under certain circumstances when reversing near a chain link fence or highly reflect surfaces, a back -up sensor system 
abnormal message may be displayed in the multi -information display (MID).  
POSSIBLE CAUSE  
When the back -up sensors detect s a large number of reflected waves, the increased processing load on the sensor may 
cause a memory overload.  
CORRECTIVE ACTION  
Clear any DTC’s and update the back -up sensor software with the latest version.  
WARRANTY CLAIM INFORMATION  
Operation 
Number  Description  Flat Rate 
Time  Defect 
Code  Symptom 
Code  Template 
ID Failed Part Number  
8105A0  Update the parking 
and back -up sensor 
system software  0.2hr  
03214  03217  A25024A  39670- T20-A06 
A Do an all -DTC check 
and clear – Add 0.1hr  
TOOL INFORMATION  
Tool Name  Quanti ty 
i-HDS and Honda -approved VCI  1 
Midtronics GR8- 110P AST, or Midtronics  DCA8 -8000 Dynamic Diagnostic Charging 
System, or Associated Equipment Corporation ESS 6100 100A Smart Charge  1 
  

Page 2 of 2 
 SOFTWARE  INFORMATION  
NOTE:  Unnecessary  or incorrect  repairs  resulting  from a failure  to update the diagnostic  and reprogramming software  are 
not covered under warranty.  
Before  beginning the repair,  make sure  all diagnostic  and reprogramming software  are updated as listed.  
i-HDS  Software  Version  1.010.011 or later 
HDS  Software  Version  3.105.036 or later 
Honda  ECU  Reprogramming  4.7.0.0  or later 
Update  only the systems and software listed  in this service bulletin.  
Do not use the MongoosePRO VCI for this service  bulletin  as it is not an American  Honda -approved device.  
For more  information about  updating vehicle  systems,  refer to service  bulletin  22-100, Updating Control  Units/Modules  with 
the ECU Reprogramming Application.  
Year /Model  Trim  Vehicle System  Program ID (or later)  
2022 –24 Civic  Touring 4-door Parking and Back -Up 
Sensor  39673- T20-A070  
SOFTWARE  UPDATE  PROCEDURE  
NOTE:  
• Make  sure the 12-volt battery  is fully charged  before starting  an update.  
• Connect the Midtronics GR8- 110P AST in Power Supply Mode, or the Midtronics DCA8- 8000 Dynamic Diagnostic 
Charging System in Reflash Mode, or the Associated Equipment Corporation ESS 6100 100A Smart Charger in Power 
Supply Mode | DIAG+, directly to the vehi cle’s 12 -volt battery. Leave it connected during the entire procedure to 
maintain a steady voltage.  
• Do not  use a lithium- ion jump pack to supply power due to the pulses of high amperage that do not provide consistent 
power to the battery during reprogramming. Control  module failure  caused  by the improper  completion  of a software  
update (early  key cycle,  low battery  voltage, disconnected DLC cable, etc.) is not covered by warranty.  
• If the vehicle’s 12- volt battery drops below 10 volts during the update, the programming status bar may not present 
accurately, or the Honda ECU Reprogramming application may display an error message.  
• Control module failure caused by the improper completion of a software update (early key cycle, low battery voltage, disconnected DLC cable, etc.) is not covered by warranty . 
• If an error  occurs  during  the update or the i-HDS  freezes,  do not disconnect  the battery  or turn the ignition  to OFF. 
Reboot the i -HDS and start over.  
• To prevent  control  unit damage,  do not operate anything electrical  (headlights,  audio system,  brakes,  A/C, power 
windows, door locks, etc.) during the update.  
• Warranty  reimbursement  for technician labor  is not allowed for routine  checking/installation of any available  software 
update.  
1. Do an ALL DTC CHECK  to check for any codes. Note any DTC’s,  then perform an ALL DTC Clear  to clear all the 
DTC codes.  
2. Update the PGM -FI software  using  the ECU  Reprogramming Application with the DST-i. Refer  to service  bulletin 22-
100, Updating Control Units/Modules with the ECU Reprogramming Application.  
3. Do an ALL DTC CHECK to clear  any codes  that may have set during the update.  