Copyright 2025 General Motors. All Rights Reserved.Bulletin No.: 22-NA-244
Service BulletinDate: January, 2025
WARRANTY ADMINISTRATION
Warranty Administration – GM Accessories – Dealer-Installed, Repaired or
Replaced During Warranty Coverage Period
Brand: Model: Model Year: VIN: Engine: Transmission:
from to from to
Buick
GM Passenger Cars
and Light Duty Trucks2026 and Prior — — — —Cadillac
Chevrolet
GMC
Involved Region or Country United States, CanadaSubject:
Important: Service agents must comply with all International, Federal, State, Provincial, and/or Local laws
applicable to the activities it performs under this bulletin, including but not limited to handling, deploying,
preparing, classifying, packaging, marking, labeling, and shipping dangerous goods. In the event of a
conflict between the procedures set forth in this bulletin and the laws that apply to your dealership, you
must follow those applicable laws.
Important: Refer to Labor Time Guide (LTG)  for a complete list of applicable “Installation” and “Repair” labor
operations. In some cases, it will be necessary to use the closest-to labor operation.To review accessory “Instal-
lation” and “Repair” labor operations, select the following categories from the LTG main menu: General Information >
Dealer Installed GM Accessory Installation/Repairs.
Note: Accessory part numbers beginning with 19, example: 19xxxxxx, Refer to Associated/IBP section.
Accessory Part Number See Instructions
Accesso
ry part
numbersOn IVH vehicle
build as Dealer
Installed optionSee LPO section
In IVH added
options or not on
build at allSee ACO section
Accesso
ry part
numbers
(begin
with
“19”)These are
Associated
Accessories
which are sold
over-the-counter
and not part of
the vehicle build.
They will not
appear in IVH.See Associated
Accessories/IBP section
Limited Production Option (LPO)
LPOs are accessories that are factory invoiced options ordered at the time the vehicle order is completed.
Under the guidelines for GM Parts Warranties, GM LPO Accessories permanently installed on a GM vehicle PRIOR
to new vehicle delivery will be covered under the provisions of the Bumper-to-Bumper New Vehicle Limited Warranty
(Canada Base Warranty).
Page 2 January, 2025 Bulletin No.: 22-NA-244
Labor Code 0590032 should be used to claim the time for dealer installation of LPOs. Eligible labor time for LPO
installation can be found in the Labor Time Guide (LTG) under: General Information > Pre-Delivery Inspection > PDI
– Dealer Installed – Factory Invoiced Options. Labor for installation of an LPO accessory must be claimed using this
labor operation, not under the regular warranty repair labor operation.
Select LPO accessories that require a calibration update as part of the installation must be submitted using a unique
labor operation. The LTG as well as the installation instructions in SI will direct users to the correct labor operation in
these cases.
 
Basic LPO Installation Process:
1. Check vehicle build in IVH for all “Dealer Installed” RPO/LPOs.
2. Locating the correct accessory installation instructions:
⇒Most GM Accessories come with a single-page sheet that includes the Instruction ID Part Number, which is
searchable in the Service Information Accessories Manual.
3. Always reference instruction sheets in SI for each new accessory installation, as instruction sheets may be
updated with new information.
Note: Some I-sheets include diagnostics
4. Confirm all “Dealer Installed” accessories in vehicle build list are installed correctly on vehicle according to
instructions in SI.
5.IMPORTANT : If called for in the SI instructions, confirm all required calibration updates are installed. Record
any applicable warranty claim codes generated during calibration events.
5.1. Before performing programming via SPS, technicians must  contact the Techline Customer Support
Center (TCSC) at 1-800-828-6860 English or 1-800-503-3222 French to have the appropriate Accessory
calibration applied to the VIN.
5.2. If programming is attempted BEFORE contacting TCSC, SPS will not deliver the correct accessory
calibration to the vehicle. The user may also receive a message advising that they are attempting to
program with the “same calibration” – a warning that the vehicle has not received the required accessory
calibration.
5.3. For additional details, refer to Service Bulletin # 22-NA-053: New Labor Operations for Limited Production
Option (LPO) Calibrated Accessories.
Accessory Catalog Offerings (ACO or over-the-counter)
For all GM ACO accessories installed by a dealer or Accessories Distributor Installer (ADI), a ZSET transaction
should be submitted in Global Warranty Management (GWM) using the appropriate “installation” labor operation
found in the Labor Time Guide under General Information > Dealer Installed GM Accessory Installation . “Installation”
labor operations are zero-dollar transactions (no labor, parts or net allowed) but will add the accessory to the vehicle
build record in Investigate Vehicle History (IVH). This information will help dealers determine the warranty coverage
of the accessory.
Warranty repairs within the Bumper-to-Bumper New Vehicle Limited Warranty (Canada Base Warranty) coverage
period are to be submitted as a ZREG Transaction Type using the applicable regular warranty repair labor operation.
Warranty repairs after the Bumper-to-Bumper New Vehicle Limited Warranty (Canada Base Warranty) expires, but
within the 12 months/unlimited miles (unlimited km) coverage from the time of installation, are to be submitted as a
ZPTI Transaction Type using the applicable regular warranty repair labor operation.
Accessories that require calibration updates as part of the installation may have the cost of the calibration covered in
the price of the ACO accessory. In these cases, the instruction sheets found in SI will have a special labor code
mentioned just for covering the cost of the calibration update.
Basic ACO Installation Process:
1. Confirm in the GM Electronic Parts Catalog (EPC)  and marketing information that the ACO accessory is
compatible with the vehicle.
2. Always reference instruction sheets in SI for each new accessory installation, as instruction sheets may be
updated with new information.
3. Confirm accessories are installed correctly on vehicle according to instructions in SI.
Bulletin No.: 22-NA-244 January, 2025 Page 3
4.IMPORTANT : If called for in the SI instructions, confirm all required calibration updates are installed. Record
any applicable warranty claim codes generated during calibration events.
4.1. Before performing calibration updates via SPS, technicians must  contact the Techline Customer Support
Center (TCSC) at 1-800-828-6860 English or 1-800-503-3222 French to have the appropriate Accessory
calibration applied to the VIN.
4.2. If programming is attempted BEFORE contacting TCSC, SPS will not deliver the correct accessory
calibration to the vehicle. The user may also receive a message advising that they are attempting to
program with the “same calibration” – a warning that the vehicle has not received the required accessory
calibration.
Associated Accessories (IBP Accessories)
Associated Accessories offered through our Integrated Business Partners (IBP) are covered by the individual
accessory manufacturer. For warranty terms, contact information, and installation videos, please refer to the
GM Accessories HQ in the GlobalConnect App Center . Associated Accessory warranty cards may also be
available through your local Accessory Distributor Installer (ADI).
Some Associated Accessories Supplying Manufacturers are:
• Kicker Audio Systems
• EchoMaster
• AKG Harman
• Borla
• Curt
• RealTruck (Roll-N-Lock, UnderCover, Bak, Retrax, Extang, Truxedo, Etc.)
• Rugged Liner
• Thule
Note: For Technical Support, Dealers will need to contact the Supplier of the specific Associated Accessory. The
supplier will support any installation or warranty concerns not GM Technical Assistance Center (TAC). Supplier
Contact information is available through the GlobalConnect GM Accessory HQ app, your local Accessory Distributor
Installer (ADI), and is also attached to the parts information within the GM Electronic Parts Catalog (EPC).
Basic IBP Installation Process:
1. Confirm in the EPC and marketing information that the IBP accessory is compatible with the vehicle.
2. Confirm accessories are installed correctly on the vehicle according to instruction sheets found in the box.
Examples of Associated Accessories that may not have Installation Information in Service Information / Accessory
Installation Manual:
• Sliding Bed Trays
• Non-GM Tonneau Covers
• Light Bars
• Trailering or Dash Cameras
• Speaker or Subwoofer Kits
• Trailer or 5th Wheel Hitches
• Trailer Brake Controllers
Note: The GM Technical Assistance Center (TAC) is unable to assist with questions regarding these installation or
repair of Associated Accessories. Dealers/technicians must contact the individual accessory manufacturer. 
Submitting for IBP Associated Accessories Labor in Global Warranty Management
Dealership labor for performing warranty repair or replacement of an Associated Accessory as directed by the
accessory manufacturer may be claimed through GWM. Refer to Article 1.3.4 in the Parts and Accessories Policies
and Procedures Manual for complete details. In Canada, please refer to the GM Parts Policies and Procedures
Manual, section 7.3.3 General Motors (Dealer) Accessories Warranty. Submit labor using the following procedure:
Page 4 January, 2025 Bulletin No.: 22-NA-244
GM bulletins are intended for use by professional technicians, NOT a "do-it-yourselfer" . They are written to inform these
technicians of conditions that may occur on some vehicles, or to provide information that could assist in the proper
service of a vehicle. Properly trained technicians have the equipment, tools, safety instructions, and know-how to do a job
properly and safely. If a condition is described, DO NOT assume that the bulletin applies to your vehicle, or that your
vehicle will have that condition. See your GM dealer for information on whether your vehicle may beneﬁt from the
information.
WE SUPPORT VOLUNTARY
TECHNICIAN
CERTIFICATION1. Document the complaint, cause, and repair (correction) of the Associated Accessory on a repair order. Include
the Associated Accessories Manufacturer name and service part name or GM part number, if instructed by the
Associated Accessory manufacturer to replace the complete assembly.
2. Submit a ZREG Transaction Type  in Global Warranty Management (GWM) for reimbursement of labor involved
using the appropriate labor operation shown below. If your actual labor time falls within this range:
• Up to 0.3 hr — Labor Op 0602608
• 0.4 Up to 0.6 hr — Labor Op 0602708
• 0.7 Up to 1.0 hr — Labor Op 0602808
• 1.1 Up to 1.5 hr — Labor Op 0602908
3. Submit the actual amount of labor in the Base Labor field.
4. Submit up to $25.00 in the Net/Admin Allowance field to cover processing and handling of the replacement part
with the Associated Accessories Manufacturer or the Accessory Dealer Installer (ADI).
5. Enter the GM part number being repaired in the "Reference Number" field of the GWM transaction.
6. Parts are prohibited and must NOT  be claimed on the transaction. Replacement of defective Associated Acces-
sories are the responsibility of the specific accessory manufacturer.
Version 5
Modified Released December 07, 2022 – Corporate Service Bulletin Number 11-00-89-002E has
now become Global format Service Bulletin 22-NA-244. This update adds the 2023
Model Year and helps identify LPO, ACO, and IBP processes.
Revised May 22, 2023 – Added the 2024 Model Year.
Revised May 03, 2024 – Added the 2025 Model Year.
Revised October 04, 2024 – Reformatted bulletin and updated information.
Revised January 30, 2025 – Added the 2026 Model Year.
Additional SI Keywords: Kicker, Curt, Echomaster, fold-a-cover, hitch, roll-n-lock