 
  
   
 
This document does not authorize warranty repairs.   This communication documents a record of past experiences.   STAR Online  
does not provide any conclusions about what is wrong with the vehicle.  Rather, it captures all previous cases known that appear  
to be similar or related to the vehicle symptom / condition.   You are the expert, and you are responsible for deciding on the  
appropriate course of action.  
 
Contact STAR Center, or your Technical Assistance Center Via TechConnect,  eCONTACT or Service Library  
entry if no solution is found .  
 
Stellantis  US LLC                                           Version 4.5 07/22/2022 
 
Case Number:   S2323000004  Rev. A 
 
 
Release Date:   February 2025  
 
 
Symptom/Vehicle Issue : Defogger Is Not Working. Terminal Detached From The 
Glass.  
 
 
Customer Complaint/T echnician Observation:  Rear backlight is not defrosting.  The 
rear window glass left or right side defrost solder terminal is detached from the defrost 
grid. 
 
 
Discussion : The connector for the rear defogger is a 1 time use design. If it comes 
loose  or is taken off for any reason , it must be replaced.  
 
Repair Procedure:  
 
 Materials:  
 Soldering iron  
 Rosin core s older filler wire  
 68499001AA  Pigtail replacement wire/ connector   
 Wire stripping / snipping tool  
 Heat shrink tube 50 mm x 3/16” diameter  
 Heat gun 
 
1. Strip both wires approximately 25 mm from ends. Do not twist strands after stripping.  
2. Slip shrink tube  on to wires.  
3. Align and evenly interweave the strands of both wires.  
 
  
   
 
This document does not authorize warranty repairs.   This communication documents a record of past experiences.   STAR Online  
does not provide any conclusions about what is wrong with the vehicle.  Rather, it captures all previous cases known that appear  
to be similar or related to the vehicle symptom / condition.   You are the expert, and you are responsible for deciding on the  
appropriate course of action.  
 
Contact STAR Center, or your Technical Assistance Center Via TechConnect,  eCONTACT or Service Library  
entry if no solution is found .  
 
Stellantis  US LLC                                           Version 4.5 07/22/2022 
4. Carefully twist the intertwined portion of the two wires . 
5. Position the soldering iron onto the center of the splicing area.  
    Feed solder directly into the stranded wire adjacent to the  contact point of the 
soldering iron.  
6. Apply heat generously to evenly distribute the solder along the length of the splicing 
area. Allow to cool before moving wire and slipping shrink tube over wire.  
7. Slide shrink tube evenly centered over splice and  apply heat to shrink in place.  
8. Push the connector into the Electonic Backlight (EBL) glass . 
 