Work Instruction
               Date:  February 14, 2025
Bulletin Name: MISC-WI-012-A
            Model:  All but primarily Meridian and  
  Zero Radius
Units Affected: Those units with Deep Sea  
   DisplayProgramming installation for the  
Deep Sea Display1 of 6
SAFETY  NOTICE
Use appropriate Personal Protective 
Equipment (PPE) as required by your 
company .This work instruction is limited to authorized use only. Purpose:
McNeilus Truck and Manufacturing offers these instructions for the programming installation for the Deep Sea 
Display.
Notice:
• This bulletin should be read and understood in its 
entirety before performing this procedure.
• All procedures outlined in the bulletin must be 
performed by skilled service personnel. Refer to the 
product service manual for descriptions of maintenance 
procedures.
• This work instruction is confidential and limited to 
exclusive distribution within McNeilus Refuse Service 
and authorized dealer and service networks .
Tools and Equipment Required:
Technician to supply:
• Deep Sea Installer program already installed on your laptop
• Up-to-date driver for programming cable
• PN 1687305 cable peak, CAN, USB,DB9
• PN 1687081 Wire harness, McNeilus programming, display
• M12 battery power adapter
• 12V power
Programming cable M12 batter power adapter
SAFETY  NOTICE
Perform your company’ s Lockout/T agout 
procedure. If your company does not have a 
Lockout/T agout procedure, follow OSHA  
1910.147 and 1910.146 Confined Space as 
appropriate.
2 of 6
This work instruction is limited to Internal McNeilus Use Only. Procedure:
1. Plus the USB end of the programming cable into your laptop. Once the cable is plugged in, the red light on 
the module in the middle of the cable should light up solid red . See Figure 1.
Figure 1
2. Plug the 18-pin connector into the display (Figure 2).
IMPORTANT: Do NOT plug the power adapter into the harness until Step 5.
Figure 2
3. On the laptop, open the DSE Service Tool program (Figure 3).
Figure 3
3 of 6
This work instruction is limited to Internal McNeilus Use Only. 4. Click CAN to select the connection mode (Figure 4).
Figure 4
5. After clicking CAN, plug the power adapter into the programming harness (Figure 5). Once the power adapter 
is plugged in, the screen will populate and enter a BOOTLOADER mode. The DSE Service Tool will advance 
a screen.
Figure 5
6. The DSE program will advance to the next screen. Click in the blank white box to select your desired file 
(Figure 6).
Figure 6
4 of 6
This work instruction is limited to Internal McNeilus Use Only. 7. Use the File Explorer to locate and select the correct file (Figure 7).
Figure 7
8. Select download to initiate the downloading process (Figure 8).
Figure 8
9. Wait for the download to complete. On your laptop, you will see the DSE Service Tool communicate to you 
that it is transferring the file. See Figure 9.
Figure 9
5 of 6
This work instruction is limited to Internal McNeilus Use Only. 10. The display will show stars blinking across the screen (Figure 10).
Figure 10
11. When the loading is complete, the DSE Service Tool will request that you cycle the power to the module 
(Figure 11).
 To do this, unplug and plug in the power adapter one time.
Figure 11
12. When the module boots up, it will display the home screen (Figure 12). If the home screen populates, the file 
was loaded correctly.
Figure 12
6 of 6
This work instruction is limited to Internal McNeilus Use Only. 
Continuous Improvement:
The change included in this document is part of the 
McNeilus Continuous Improvement Process.
McNeilus ’s quality policy is providing customer satisfaction 
through innovative products, dedicated service, and a 
constant focus on continuous improvement.(888) 686-7278
www.streetsmartparts.com
13. Click OK and close out of the DSE Service Tool (Figure 13).
14. The software installation is complete.
NOTE: When programming each module, you must close out of the DSE Service Tool and start from step 1.
Figure 13