GLOBAL SAFETY FIELD INVESTIGATIONS  
DCS7151  
URGENT - DISTRIBUTE IMMEDIATELY  
 
Date:  February 24 , 2025 
  
Subject:  UPDATE: N232421261 - Service Update  
 False DTC Causing Unnecessary Battery Pack Replacements (NACS 
Adapter)  
 Population Expansion  
  
Models:  2020 -2022 Chevrolet Bolt EV  
 2020 -2022 Chevrolet Bolt EUV  
  
To: All General Motors Dealers  
 
 
Additional vehicles have been moved to 'Open' status in IVH.  Please verify a 
VIN's involvement in this field action by checking in IVH prior to doing any 
repairs.   
 
 
Global Warranty Management  (GWM)  
The Required Field Action section on the Investigate Vehicle History (IVH) screen will 
be updated February 24, 2025.  Please hold all warranty transactions until IVH has 
been updated.    
 
END OF MESSAGE  
GLOBAL SAFETY FIELD INVESTIGATIONS  
 
Service Update  
N232421261 False DTC Causing Unnecessary Battery Pack 
Replacements  (NACS Adapt er)  
 
 Page 1 of 6 
 
Release Date : February  2025 Revision : 00  
 
Attention:  This service update include s vehicles in dealer inventory and customer vehicles that return to the 
dealership for any reason.  
Important: Dealers are to perform the procedure below and provide customers with a free NACS 
Adapter .   
Note: Customers will be sent an email  and/or letter p roviding this information (see copy of sample 
customer notification  included at the bottom of  this bulletin).  
For EV Involved Vehicles: The repairs outlined in this bulletin must only be completed at an authorized 
EV dealer and repairs must be performed by a technician who has successfully completed the applicable  
technical training required to perform this repair.   
 
Make  Model  Model Year  
From  To 
Chevrolet  Bolt EV  2020  2022  
Chevrolet  Bolt EUV  2022  2022  
Investigate Vehicle History (IVH) in the GM Global Warranty Management system should always be checked to confirm 
vehicle involvement prior to beginning any required inspections and/or repairs .   
Condition  Certain 2020 – 2022 model year Chevrolet Bolt EV and 2022 model year Chevrolet Bolt EUV vehicles 
may have a condition in which a false diagnostic trouble code (DTC), U3636 symptom 09, is triggered. 
This false DTC is resulting in customers experiencing a Malfunction Indicator Lamp (MIL) illuminated in 
the Driver Information Center (DIC), a Reduced Propulsion message, and a charging limited to 30% 
State of Charge.  Since this is a false DTC, it can lead to unnecessary b attery pack replacements.  
Correction  Dealers are to reprogram the Hybrid Powertrain Control Module 2  and provide the customer with a  free 
NACS Adapt er.  
Parts  
Quantity  Part Name  Part No.  
1 CORD PKG -DRV MOT BAT CHARGER  (NACS Adapt er) 85778137  
Warranty Information  
Labor 
Operation  Description  Labor 
Time  Trans. 
Type  Net 
Item 
9107545 * Verified Module Software or Calibration Level: Module Is 
Programmed with Same Level Software or Calibration  (includes 
providing customer with  free NACS adapt er) 0.2 
ZFAT  N/A 
  9107546 * Hybrid Powertrain Control Module 2 Reprogramming with SPS  
(includes providing customer with  free NACS adapt er) 0.4 
Important : * To avoid warranty transaction rejections, carefully read and follow the instructions below:  
 6125814  
• The Warranty Claim Code from the programming event must be accurately entered in the “Warranty Claim 
Code” field of the transaction.  

Service Update  
N232421261 False DTC Causing Unnecessary Battery Pack 
Replacements  (NACS Adapt er)  
 
  Page 2 of 6 
  
• When more than one Warranty Claim Code is generated for a programming event, it is required to document all 
Warranty Claim Codes in the “Correction” field on the job card.   Dealers must also enter one of the codes in the 
“Warranty Claim Code” field of the transaction, ot herwise the transaction will reject.   It is best practice to enter 
the FINAL code provided by SPS2.  
Warranty Claim Code Information Retrieval  
6125774  
If the Warranty Claim Code was not recorded on the Job Card, the code can be retrieved in the SPS2 system  as 
follows:  
1. Open TLC on the computer used to program the vehicle.  
2. Select and start SPS2.  
3. Select Settings (1).  
4. Select the Warranty Claim Code tab (2).  
The VIN, Warranty Claim Code and Date/Time will be listed on a roster of recent programming events.   If the code is 
retrievable, dealers should resubmit the transaction making sure to include the code in the SPS Warranty Claim Code 
field.  
Service Procedure  
Note:  Carefully read and follow the instructions below.  
• Ensure the programming tool is equipped with the latest software and is securely connected to the data link connector. 
If there is an interruption during programming, programming failure or control module damage may occur.  
• Stable battery voltage is critical during programming. Any fluctuation, spiking, over voltage or loss of voltage will 
interrupt programming. Install a GM Authorized Programming Support Tool to maintain system voltage.   Refer to 
www.gmdesolutions.com  for further information.    If not available, connect a fully charged 12 V jumper or booster 
pack disconnected from the AC voltage supply. DO NOT connect a battery charger.  
• Follow the on -screen prompts regarding ignition power mode, but ensure that anything that drains excessive power 
(exterior lights, HVAC blower motor, etc) is off.  
• Clear DTCs after programming is complete. Clearing powertrain DTCs will set the Inspection/Mai ntenance (I/M) 
system status indicators to NO.  
Important:  The service technician always needs to verify that the VIN displayed in the TLC left side drop down menu and 
the top center window match the VIN plate of the vehicle to be programmed prior to using Service Programming System 
2 (SPS2) for programming or reprogramming a module.  
• For the TLC application, service technicians need to always ensure that the power mode (ignition) is “ON” before 
reading the VIN from the vehicle’s VIN master module and that th ey do not select a VIN that is already in the TLC 
application memory from a previous vehicle.  

Service Update  
N232421261 False DTC Causing Unnecessary Battery Pack 
Replacements  (NACS Adapt er)  
 
  Page 3 of 6 
  
• If the VIN that shows up in the TLC top center window after correctly reading the VIN from the vehicle does not match 
the VIN plate of the vehicle, manually type in the VIN characters from the vehicle VIN plate into the TLC top center 
window and use these for programming or reprogramming the subject module with the correct vehicle VIN and 
software and/or calibrations.  
• The Engine Control Module (ECM) i s the master module (for VIP vehicles) that TLC reads to determine the VIN of 
the vehicle.  If the VIN read from the vehicle by TLC does not match the VIN plate of the vehicle, the ECM also needs 
to be reprogrammed with the correct VIN, software and calibr ations that match the vehicle’s VIN plate . 
• The Body Control Module (BCM) is the master module (for GEM vehicles) that TLC reads to determine the VIN of 
the vehicle.  If the VIN read from the vehicle by TLC does not match the VIN plate of the vehicle, the B CM also needs 
to be reprogrammed with the correct VIN, software and calibrations that match the vehicle’s VIN plate.  
Caution:   Be sure the VIN selected in the drop -down menu (1) is the same as the vehicle connected (2) before beginning 
programming.  
57436 43 
Important:  If the vehicle VIN DOES NOT match, the message below will be shown.  
 5877000  
 
 

Service Update  
N232421261 False DTC Causing Unnecessary Battery Pack 
Replacements  (NACS Adapt er)  
 
  Page 4 of 6 
  
5644477  
Important: Techline Connect screens shown above.  
Important:  If the same calibration/software warning is noted on the TLC Summary screen, select OK and follow 
screen instructions. After a successful programming event, the WCC is located in the Service Programming System 
dialogue box of the SPS Summary screen. No fu rther action is required. Refer to the Warranty section of the bulletin.  
1. If DTC U3636 Symptom 09  is set current or in history, refer to Technical Service Bulletin #23-NA-157 before 
proceeding with this field action. If DTC U3636 Symptom 09 is NOT set, proceed to step 2.  
2. Reprogram the Hybrid/EV Powertrain Control Module 2. Refer to K114B Hybrid/EV Powertrain Control Module 2: 
Programming and Setup in SI.  
3. Important:  Provide c ustomer with a free NACS Adapt er. 
5644478  
Note:  The screenshot above is an example of module programming and may not be indicative of the specific module 
that is being programmed. Module selection and VIN information have been blacked out.  
Important:  To avoid warranty transaction rejections, you MUST r ecord the warranty claim code provided on the 
Warranty Claim Code (WCC) screen shown above on the job card. Refer to callout 1 above for the location of the 
WCC on the screen.  
4. Record SPS Warranty Claim Code on job card for warranty transaction submission.  
Dealer Responsibility   
Whenever a vehicle subject to this service update enters your vehicle inventory or is in your facility for service , you must 
take the steps necessary to be sure the service update correction has been made before selling or releasing the vehicle.  
All new, used, GM Certified Pre -Owned (CPO), courtesy transportation vehicles, dealer shuttle vehicles, CarBravo, etc. 
in dealers' possession and subject to this field action  must be held and inspected/repaired per the service procedure of 
this bulletin before customers take possession of these vehicles. Involved vehicles must be held and not delivered to 
customers, dealer -traded, released to auction, used for demonstration, or any other purpose.  
All GM Certified Pre -Owned (CPO) vehicles curre ntly in the dealers’ inventory within the SHIFT Digital system will be 
de-certified and must be held and remedied per the service procedure in this bulletin. Upon submitting an accepted/paid 

Service Update  
N232421261 False DTC Causing Unnecessary Battery Pack 
Replacements  (NACS Adapt er)  
 
  Page 5 of 6 
  
warranty transaction in the Global Warranty Management (GWM) syst em, the vehicle can be re -certified for sale within 
the SHIFT Digital system, or once again be used in the Courtesy Transportation Program.  
Dealer Reports  – For USA & Export  
The Inventory tab of the Open Vehicle Report will contain Service Update Bulletin VINs that apply to this field action.  
This information is intended to assist dealers with the  PROMPT COMPLETION  of these vehicles.  The Customer In -
Service tab will not contain Service Update Bulletin VIN data because the intent of a Service Upda te Bulletin is to not 
inconvenience a customer with a special trip for service.  Service Update Bulletins are to be completed when the 
customer is in for a regularly scheduled visit.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
GM bulletins are intended for use by professional technicians, NOT a " do-it-yourselfer ".  They are written to inform these technicians of 
conditions that may occur on some vehicles, or to provide information that could assist in the proper service of a vehic le.  Properly trained 
technicians have the tools, equipment, safety instructions, and know -how to do a job properly and safely.  If a condition is described, DO NOT  
assume that the bulletin applies to your vehicle, or that your vehicle will have that condi tion.  See your dealer for information on whether your 
vehicle may benefit from the information.    
 We Support 
Voluntary Technician 
Certification  
 
 
 

Service Update  
N232421261 False DTC Causing Unnecessary Battery Pack 
Replacements  (NACS Adapt er)  
 
  Page 6 of 6 
  
 
Below is a copy of the notifica tion that will be provided to the customer:  
 
It’s easier than ever to charge your Bolt EV on the Tesla Supercharger network.  
 
Your Bolt EV first needs a software update.  Contact your Chevy EV dealership today to schedule this 
complimentary service.  Show this email at your appointment and receive a free NACS DC Adapter once your 
update has been completed.  
 
After your software up date, and receiving your free NACS DC adapter, you’ll be ready to plug into over 20,000 
Tesla Superchargers.   
 