INDIAN MOTORCYCLE
HELP CENTER
What can we help you ﬁnd? Search
Help Center Hom e / Article
02/28/2025
2019-2024 FTR Clutch Lever Inspection and Adjustment
Requir ed Tools and Supplies
Shop Rags Safety Glasses
Nitrile Gloves Flat-Head Screwdriver or Pick
Adjustable WrenchMoly Assembly Grease
or All-Purpose Grease
10mm Socket 5mm Allen Socket
12mm Crowfoot Wrench Ratchet
12mm Wrench Torque Wrench
Always wear safety glasses and nitrile gloves when servicing your Indian Motorcycle. T o inspect and
adjust the clutch lever on your FTR, follow these steps:
1. Park the motorcycle on a flat, level surface and allow it to cool completely.
2. Inspect the entire length of the clutch cable for any damage to the external casing. Also inspectFTR 1200 Clutch Le ver Inspection and Adjustment - Indian Mot orcycle FTR 1200 Clutch Le ver Inspection and Adjustment - Indian Mot orcycle
any exposed cable wire for fraying, kinks or corrosion. R eplace any cables that are damaged, sticky
or sluggish. 
3. Move down to the primary cover and use an adjustable wrench to rotate the clutch shaft arm until
the tension has been released from the cable. R otate the cable barrel out of the clutch shaft arm and
release the clutch shaft. 
4. On the left handlebar, use a flat-head screwdriver or pick to carefully remove the plastic cap from
the pivot pin. R eplace if any damage occurs. 
5. Use a 10mm socket and 5mm Allen socket to unscrew the bottom hinge nut and remove the
pivot pin. 
6. Remove the clutch lever and rotate the cable barrel out of the lever.
7. Remove any old grease and dirt from the lever, housing and cable ends. 
8. Lubricate the clutch lever and pivot screw with moly assembly grease or all-purpose grease. 
9. Also apply a thin coating of all-purpose grease to both clutch cable ends. DO NO T lubricate
between the cable and sheath.
10. Reinstall the clutch cable into the lever housing. 
11. Install the clutch lever into the handlebar and align the pivot pin hole. 
12. Reinstall the pivot pin until fully seated. 
13. Reinstall the nut. Torque to 52 in-lbs (6 Nm).
14. Clean any residual grease off the handlebar and reinstall the pivot pin cap.
15. Rotate the clutch shaft arm and reconnect the clutch cable into the lower cable housing. 
16. Measure the clutch lever free play between the clutch lever and the clutch lever mounting
bracket. The clutch lever free play should be 0.019 to 0.059 inches (0.5 to 1.5 mm).
17. If adjustment is needed, the clutch cable adjuster nut is located along the lower right frame.
18. Loosen the lock nut with a 12mm wrench.
19. While holding the cable, use a 12mm wrench to turn the cable adjuster inward or outward until
the clutch lever free play is set to specification.
20. While holding the adjuster, use a 12mm crowfoot wrench to torque the adjuster lock nut to 48
in-lbs (5.4 Nm).
21. Finish by verifying proper operation of the clutch. The engine should not start with the clutch
lever released and the bike in gear. R epeat this procedure as needed.
For more information, see your authorized Indian Motorcycle Dealer. Find a dealer near you with
the Dealer Locator .
Maintenance tips, procedures and specifications can be found in your  Owner's Manual .
To find diagrams and replacement part numbers, use the  online parts catalog .
YouTube® is a r egistered trademark o f Google LL C
Unless not ed, tr ademarks ar e the pr operty of Indian Mot orcycle Int ernational, LL C
© 2022 Indian Mot orcycle Int ernational, LL C
Was this article helpful?
Yes, it answers my question
No, it's missing information or visuals
No, the instructions are unclear
No, What are the next steps?
No, I'm experiencing a technical error
Other
* How can we improve this article? We'd love to hear your suggestions
Tell us what you would like to see in this article
Send [] -