GENERAL MOTORS  
DCS 7142  
URGENT - DISTRIBUTE IMMEDIATELY  
 
Date:  February 12 , 2025 
  
Subject:  N242486100 - Service Update  
 Incorrect Trailering and Certification Labels  
  
Models:  2024 Chevrolet Silverado EV  
   
  
General Motors is releasing  Service Update N242486100 today.    
What Should Dealers Do:  Dealers should review IVH or the Dealer Maxis reports 
for open VINs in their inventory.   Dealers can view the attached bulletin and it 
will also be displayed in Servic e Information tomorrow.    
A Stock VIN list is not included as our records show there are no vehicles in 
dealer new inventory.  
 
 
END OF MESSAGE  
Service Update  
N242486100  Incorrect Trailering and Certification Labels   
 
 Page 1 of 3 
 
Release Date : February  2025 Revision : 00  
 
Attention:  This service update include s vehicles in dealer inventory and customer vehicles that return to the 
dealership for any reason. This bulletin will expire at the end of the involved vehicle’s New Vehicle Limited 
Warranty period.   
 
Make  Model  Model Year  
From  To 
Chevrolet  Silverado EV  2024  2024  
Investigate Vehicle History (IVH) in the GM Global Warranty Management system should always be checked to confirm 
vehicle involvement prior to beginning any required inspections and/or repairs .   
Condition  Certain vehicles listed above may have a condition in which the VIN number and other information on 
the label s is incorrect.  
Correction  Dealers will replace the trailering and certification labels . 
Parts  
Quantity  Part Name  Part No.  
1 Trailering Label  85532775 * 
1 Certification Label  19355584 * 
Note: Both labels are VIN specific. Order the labels through the EPC and enter the VIN number in the order field. A VIN 
is needed for BOTH label orders. For ordering issues, email gmcert@duramarkusa.com  
* US Dealers only. Canadian dealers should NOT order this part number. Canadian dealer should follow the 
directions below for ordering labels.  
Canada Dealers:  
Pre-shipment for Inventory Vehicles:  An initial supply of labels will be pre -shipped to involved Canadian dealers on 
record. This pre -shipment is scheduled to begin the week of February 10, 2025.  
Customer Owned Vehicles: Dealers should only order labels for customer -owned vehicles once the customer has 
attended the dealer and you are aware a label needs to be ordered.  
To Order labels:   If a label is needed, please contact the Warranty Call Centre at 1 -888-222-5546 to order labels. The 
labels will be provi ded free of charge. Dealers will be required to provide a VIN at the time of ordering. Please use the 
Field Action number N242486100 when ordering the label.   Labels will not be provided for VINs which are not involved 
in this recall. DO NOT ORDER the lab el using the part number in the chart.  
Warranty Information  
Labor 
Operation  Description  Labor 
Time  Trans. 
Type  Net 
Item 
9107847  Trailering and Certification Label Replacements  0.3 ZFAT  N/A 
Service Procedure  
Important:  Do NOT place NEW label over existing label.  
Service Update  
N242486100 Incorrect Trailering a nd Certification Labels   
 
  Page 2 of 3 
  
6833833  
1. Remove the Trailering Label and any residue using isopropyl alcohol and dry with clean, lint free cloth. Receiving 
surface MUST be clean, dry and free of any contaminants.  
2. Firmly hold the new label and peel protective liner from the back side, being careful not to touch or contaminate the 
adhesive with dirt or foreign matter.  
3. Carefully align new label to the surface. Press firmly and smooth out entire label ensuring corners are fully adhered . 
6833611  
4. Remove the Certification Label and any residue using isopropyl alcohol and dry with clean, lint free cloth. Receiving 
surface MUST be clean, dry and free of any contaminants.  
5. Firmly hold the new label and peel protective liner from the back side, being car eful not to touch or contaminate the 
adhesive with dirt or foreign matter.  
6. Carefully align new label to the surface. Press firmly and smooth out entire label ensuring corners are fully adhered . 
Dealer Responsibility   
Whenever a vehicle subject to this service update enters your vehicle inventory or is in your facility for service in the 
future, and the vehicle is still covered under the New Vehicle Limited Warranty, you must take the steps necessary to be 
sure the service update correction has been made  before selling or releasing the vehicle.  
All new, used, GM Certified Pre -Owned (CPO), courtesy transportation vehicles, dealer shuttle vehicles, CarBravo, etc. 
in dealers' possession and subject to this field action  must be held and inspected/repaired per the service procedure of 
this bulletin before customers take possession of these vehicles. Involved vehicles must be held and not delivered to 
customers, dealer -traded, released to auction, used for demonstration, o r any other purpose.  
 
All GM Certified Pre -Owned (CPO) vehicles currently in the dealers’ inventory within the SHIFT Digital system will be 
de-certified and must be held and remedied per the service procedure in this bulletin. Upon submitting an accepted/ paid 

Service Update  
N242486100 Incorrect Trailering a nd Certification Labels   
 
  Page 3 of 3 
  
warranty transaction in the Global Warranty Management (GWM) system, the vehicle can be re -certified for sale within 
the SHIFT Digital system, or once again be used in the Courtesy Transportation Program.  
 
Dealer Reports  – For USA & Export  
The Invento ry tab of the Open Vehicle Report will contain Service Update Bulletin VINs that apply to this field action.  
This information is intended to assist dealers with the  PROMPT COMPLETION  of these vehicles.  The Customer In -
Service tab will not contain Service  Update Bulletin VIN data because the intent of a Service Update Bulletin is to not 
inconvenience a customer with a special trip for service.  Service Update Bulletins are to be completed when the 
customer is in for a regularly scheduled visit.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
GM bulletins are intended for use by professional technicians, NOT a " do-it-yourselfer ".  They are written to inform these technicians of 
conditions that may occur on some vehicles, or to provide information that could assist in the proper service of a vehicle.  Properly tr ained 
technicians have the tools, equipment, safety instructions, and know -how to do a job properly and safely.  If a condition is described, DO NOT  
assume that the bulletin applies to your vehicle, or that your vehicle will have that condition.  See your dealer for informa tion on whether your 
vehicle may benefit from the information.    
 We Support 
Voluntary Technician 
Certification  
 
