INDIAN MOTORCYCLE
HELP CENTER
What can we help you ﬁnd? Search
Help Center Hom e / Article
02/25/2025
2015-2024 Scout Clutch Lever Maintenance and Adjustment
Requir ed Tools and Supplies
Shop Rags Pick and Flathead Screwdrivers
Adjustable WrenchMoly Assembly Grease or All-Purpose
Grease
12mm Crowfoot Wrench 10mm and 12mm Wrenches
5mm Allen Socket 10mm Socket
Torque Wrench Ratchet
Safety Glasses Nitrile Gloves
To learn more about tools, read the Tools and F asteners Guide . Always wear safety glasses and nitrile
gloves when servicing your Indian Motorcycle.
To properly maintain and adjust the clutch lever on your Indian Scout, Scout Sixty, Scout Bobber,
Scout Bobber T wenty, Scout 100th Anniversary model or Scout R ogue, follow these steps:Indian Scout Clutch Le ver Maintenance and Adjustment - Indian Mot orcycle Indian Scout Clutch Le ver Maintenance and Adjustment - Indian Mot orcycle
1. Park the motorcycle on a flat, level surface and allow the vehicle to cool completely. 
2. Inspect the entire length of the clutch cable for any damage to the external casing. Also inspect
any exposed cable wire for fraying, kinks or corrosion. R eplace any cables that are damaged, sticky
or sluggish.
3. Move down to the cable connection near the primary cover and slide up the rubber protector
boot. 
4. Remove the jam nut with a 12mm socket and set aside.
5. Use an adjustable wrench to rotate the clutch shaft arm until the tension has been released from
the cable. R otate the cable barrel out of the clutch shaft arm and release the clutch shaft. 
6. Pull the cable down and out of the mounting boss. 
7. On the left handlebar, carefully remove the plastic cap from the pivot pin. R eplace if any damage
occurs. 
8. Unscrew the bottom hinge nut with a 10mm socket. 
9. Remove the pivot pin with a 5mm Allen socket. 
10. Remove the clutch lever and rotate the cable barrel out of the lever.
11. Remove any old grease and dirt from the lever, housing, and cable ends. 
12. Lubricate the clutch lever and pivot screw with moly assembly grease or all-purpose grease. 
13. Also apply a thin coating of all-purpose grease to both clutch cable ends. DO NO T lubricate
between the cable and sheath.
14. Reinstall the clutch cable into the lever housing. 
15. Install the clutch lever into the handlebar and align the pivot pin hole. 
16. Reinstall the pivot pin until fully seated. 
17. Reinstall the nut. Torque to 35 to 62 in-lbs (4-7 Nm).
18. Reinstall the pivot pin cap.
19. Clean any residual grease off the handlebar.
20. Rotate the clutch shaft arm and reconnect the clutch cable into the lower cable housing. 
21. Reinstall the jam nut. Torque to 48 in-lbs (5.4 Nm) with a 12mm crowfoot wrench. 
22. Slide the rubber protector boot into place. 
23. Ensure the cable is properly routed in the mounting boss and cable bracket. 
24. Measure the clutch lever free play between the clutch lever and the clutch lever mounting
bracket. The free play should be 0.5 to 1.55 mm (0.02 to 0.059 inches).
25. If adjustment is needed, the clutch cable adjuster nut is located along the lower right frame.
While holding the clutch cable, slide the rubber protector boot away from the lock nut. 
26. Loosen the lock nut with a 12mm wrench.
27. While holding the cable, use a 10mm wrench to turn the cable adjuster inward or outward until
the clutch lever free play is set to specification.
28. While holding the adjuster, torque the adjuster lock nut to 48 in-lbs (5.4 Nm) with a 12mm
crowfoot wrench.
29. Re-secure the protector boot over the adjuster.
30. Finish by verifying proper operation of the clutch. The engine should not start with the clutch
lever released and the vehicle in gear. R epeat this procedure as needed.
For more information, see your authorized Indian Motorcycle Dealer. Find a dealer near you with
the Dealer Locator .
Maintenance tips, procedures and specifications can be found in your  Owner's Manual .
To find diagrams and replacement part numbers, use the  online parts catalog .
YouTube® is a r egistered trademark o f Google LL C
Unless not ed, tr ademarks ar e the pr operty of Indian Mot orcycle Int ernational, LL C.
© 2022 Indian Mot orcycle Int ernational, LL C