 
  
   
 
This document does not authorize warranty repairs.   This communication documents a record of past experiences.   STAR Online  
does not provide any conclusions about what is wrong with the vehicle.  Rather, it captures all previous cases known that appear  
to be similar or related to the vehicle symptom / condition.   You are the expert, and you are responsible for deciding on the  
appropriate course of action.  
 
Contact STAR Center, or your Technical Assistance Center Via TechConnect,  eCONTACT or Service Library  
entry if no solution is found .  
 
Stellantis  US LLC                                           Version 4.5 07/22/2022 
Case Number:   S2508000012  
 
Release Date:   February  2025  
 
Symptom/Vehicle Issue : Customer Ind icates Collision Avoid ance System/Blind Spot 
Alert Cluster Message  
 
Customer Complaint/T echnician Observation:  ADAS Camera Module (ADCAM), 
Long Range Radar Front (LRRF),  Mid-Range Radar (MRR), Advanced Driver Assist 
System (ADAS)  - Cluster message for collision avoidance system and/or blind spot 
alert limited /unavailable  service required . Radar failure DTCs present (identified 
below).  
 
Technician s may observe one or more of the following Diagnostic Trouble Codes  
(stored or active) : 
 
ADCAM : 
C00C0 -49 – Front Radar Module "A" -Internal Electronic Failure  
C00C2 -49 – Front Radar Module " C"-Internal Electronic Failure  
C00C4 -49 – Rear  Radar Module "A" -Internal Electronic Failure  
C00C5 -49 – Rear  Radar Module " B"-Internal Electronic Failure  
 
LRRF:  
B22A9 -00 – ECU Internal Performance - 
 
Discussion : When diagnosing a ny of the stored or active DTCs above, check for 
open RSUs on the vehicle. If RSU is present, follow R SU In struction . If not, replace 
the single radar called out by the DTC.  Refer to service library for repair procedures.   
 
Post repair verification : Ensure DTCs clear and do not return. Perform WiTECH 
service drive alignment routine  on the LRRF . Ensure DTCs and cluster messages do 
not return.  