 
The flap of the reversing camera opens
and closes by itself during forward travel
Topic number LI54.65-P-066284
Version 6
Function group 54.65 - Parking assist
Date 2/24/25
Validity Vehicles with parking control unit Park213M and Park223
that also still have code 218 (Reversing camera) or code
501 (360° camera).
Reason for change Replacing 166 with 167 chassis.
Complaint
The flap of the reversing camera opens and closes by itself during forward travel several times during the trip. No ca-
mera image is displayed in the head unit.
The reversing camera or the 360° system functions normally when activated manually or by engaging drive range "R".
Cause
This is not a malfunction, but an intended system behavior. Calibration of the reversing camera is in progress.
The calibration is completed by:
• Opening the camera cover for a maximum of 5 cumulative minutes.
• If the vehicle speed is < 35 km/h (<22 MPH).
• The steering wheel angle is < 10°.
If calibration is aborted by exceeding one of the above conditions, the camera retracts and the calibration will re-at-
tempt once the conditions are achieved and the speed returns to the range of 18 km/h (~11 MPH).
Remedy
SCN code PARK213M on MFA2 facelift vehicles produced after 09/2024 (A-Class, CLA, GLA, etc...) so the complete
calibration speed window is available.
For vehicles with PARK213M or PARK223 a calibration is completed successfully by:
• Driving forward (typically less than 1 minute).
• Vehicle speed is < 35 km/h (<22 MPH).
• The steering wheel angle is < 10°.
• During daylight.
• Without a vehicle following too closely (camera must be able to see asphalt).
When calibration has completed successfully, the camera door closes automatically for the rest of the driving cycle.
The camera will now only open if the customer requests (Example: Engaging reverse gear).
26.02.2025   21:10   CCUSHWA
© Copyright Mercedes-Benz AG   Page  1 / 2
 
The calibration of the camera will re-initiate every drive cycle (ignition change).
The customer can generally perform calibration at the first attempt while briefly maintaining a speed range of 15 km/
h (~9 MPH) and 35 km/h (~22 MPH). The customer can therefore play a significant role in reducing the camera door
noise and actuation frequency.
Disclaimer
NOTE: The information contained in this document is intended for use by trained, professional technicians with the
knowledge to properly and safely perform diagnosis and repairs on Mercedes-Benz vehicles, using Mercedes-Benz
approved tools and equipment. It informs service technicians about conditions that could occur in certain vehicles and
provides information that could assist in proper vehicle diagnosis, service, or repair. It does not indicate that a defect
is present in any vehicle referenced in this document nor does it imply warranty coverage. DO NOT assume that a
symptom or condition, or a described cause of a symptom or condition, affects any particular vehicle or groups of ve-
hicles, or that a described repair applies to any particular vehicle or groups of vehicles. There can be multiple causes
resulting in the same or similar symptoms or conditions described in this document, and trained professional service
technicians must use their diagnostic skills to make evaluations on a case-by-case basis. The information contained
in this document does not guarantee warranty coverage nor does it extend the vehicle’s warranty in any way.
Symptoms
Communication/information  > Assistance and warning systems  > Parking assist  > 360° camera  > No image
Communication/information  > Assistance and warning systems  > Parking assist  > Reversing camera  > Without pictu-
re
Operation numbers/damage codes
Op. no. Operation text Time Damage
codeNote
26.02.2025   21:10   CCUSHWA
© Copyright Mercedes-Benz AG   Page  2 / 2