 
 Page 1 of 2 
  
TECHNICAL SERVICE OPERATIONS  
All rights reserved. Reproduction or translation in 
whole or in part is not permitted without 
authorization from the publisher. Printed in USA  MAS00 4578  © 202 5 Maserati North 
America. Aftersales  
www.maseratiusa.com   
 
 
 
MAS 004578  MTB 25-05 
Technical Information  
FROM : Maserati TSO      
TO: Maserati Network   
DATE: February  12, 2025  
 
This Technical bulletin serves as a guide and provides info for certain anomalies reported  in  by     
customers on seat linings that can be mistakenly addressed as a product defect.  
 
 
SECTION : 09.4X.X FRONT/REAR SEATS  – TRIM PANELS  
 
MODELS:  All Models  (All MY) . 
 
ACTION : Below is a list of possible concerns  regarding seat linings conce rns that cannot be 
attributed to a product quality problem and therefore related replacement can’t be covered by 
contractual  warranty , in accordance with the warranty exclusion indications reported in the  
Warranty Card.  
Wrinkles located on the seat base lateral bolster:  This condition is attributable to the normal 
deformation of the foam and lining that occurs during entry/exit from the vehicle and which 
increases with normal vehicle  usage . 
     
 
 
Picture  1- Effect on the leather  of aggressive  cleaning or sanitizing products  
Management Of Seat Linings Concerns  
 
 Page 2 of 2 
  
TECHNICAL SERVICE OPERATIONS  
All rights reserved. Reproduction or translation in 
whole or in part is not permitted without 
authorization from the publisher. Printed in USA  MAS00 4578  © 202 5 Maserati North 
America. Aftersales  
www.maseratiusa.com  Wear/Scartches located on the lateral bolster of the seat base or backrest:  This condition is caused 
by the abrasive effect of particular clothing during the seat occupant entry/exit maneuver. An 
analysis of  returned  parts has also highlighted that the usag e of aggressive  cleaning or sanitizing  
products can cause accelerated deterioration of the leather, making it  more brittle/ fragile to 
rubbing.  
          
Burns                                                                                                      Pen or marker marks  
                               
 
Color transfer from clothing                                                                Damage of stitchings  
                              
