System Fields | Socrata

来源: https://dev.socrata.com/docs/system-fields

In addition to the fields provided by the dataset owner, Socrata also provides a number of useful system fields you can make use of. They’re very useful for detecting when datasets have changed.
OperatorDescription:idThe internal Socrata identifier for this record.:created_atAFixed Timestamprepresenting when this record was created.:updated_atAFixed Timestamprepresenting when this record was last updated.
System fields are not included by default, and the method that you use to request the inclusion of the hidden system fields depends on what version of the SODA API specification the API you are accessing complies with. To learn more about API versioning, see theAPI Endpointdocumentation.

Version 2.1

With version 2.1 APIs, accessing the system fields is as simple as including them in your$selectparameter, either explicitly or via a wildcard. You can either$select=:id, :updated_at, name, address, or you could be even more broad and simply select:*, *to retrieve both all of the hidden internal fields and the fields from the dataset itself. For example:

The TryIt macro has been disabled until future notice while we upgrade this site to SODA3.

Since:created_atand:updated_atareFixed Timestamp, you can query them to get recent updates to a dataset using the$wherequery parameter, like this example:

The TryIt macro has been disabled until future notice while we upgrade this site to SODA3.
A note on how datasets are updated
Data providers use many different methods to update datasets. In some cases, they use tools likeDataSyncor theSODA Producer APIto update datasets, and we can tell which records within the dataset have actually been modified, and only update them accordingly. When data providers perform a full replace of the dataset using theSODA Producer Replace API, all of its records will be updated within a short period of time, in which case a query based on:updated_atwill show that all of the records have changed.

Version 2.0

Getting the SODA API to return system fields is as simple as adding the parameter$$exclude_system_fields=falseto your request. The double dollar sign ($$) is significant - it denotes a Socrata-specific parameter that is not part of the SODA standard.

The TryIt macro has been disabled until future notice while we upgrade this site to SODA3.

----------------------------------------
Generated by Clearly Reader (clearlyreader.com)